today , ukraine 's parliament in the course of the amendments to the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to abolish an article , according to which the opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko , who was convicted .
today ukraine 's parliament in the course of the amendments to the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to cancel the article , according to which the opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko , who was convicted .
today ukraine 's parliament in amendments to the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to abolish article that opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko , who was convicted .
today ukraine 's parliament in the course of the amendments in the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to abolish article , according to the was opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko .
today ukraine 's parliament in the amendments to the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to cancel article , which was condemned opposition leader , yulia tymoshenko .
now ukraine 's parliament in the course of the amendments in the criminal procedure code rejected an attempt to abolish article , according to which , was sentenced opposition leader yulia tymoshenko .
in october of tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for signing gas deal with russia , which was recognized as suek .
in october tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for the signing gas deal with russia , which was recognized as disadvantageous .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for the signing gas deal from russia , which was recognized as unfavorable .
in october yulia tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years prison for signing gas deal with russia , which has been recognized as disadvantageous .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for the signing of natural gas deal with russia , which has been recognized as disadvantageous .
in october , tymoshenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for signing the gas deal with russia , which was unfavorable .
tymoshenko claims that the verdict is a political revenge the process of regime ; on the west suspected of bias .
tymoshenko argues that the sentence is political revenge regime ; on the west also suspected in the process bias .
tymoshenko , argues that the regime 's verdict is a political revenge ; in the west is also suspected in bias .
tymoshenko argues that regime 's sentence is the political revenge ; in the west is also suspected of bias .
tymoshenko argues that the sentence is political revenge of the regime ; in the west process also suspected of bias .
tymoshenko claims that the verdict is a political revenge mode ; in the west of the process is also suspected of bias .
in the history of of liberation , or rebellion , libya there are losers .
in liberation history , or uprising , libya , are already there are losers .
in the history of release , or uprising , libya , has there are some losers .
in the history of the liberation , or the uprising , libya has already is losers .
history of the release , or uprising , libya , have losers .
in the history of release of , or uprising , libya , already have a losers .
the transitional government declared himself a follower of ordinary sharia law , about where we have heard .
transitional government has announced himself a follower of sharia law , which we have heard about .
transitional government declared himself a follower of the law of sharia , which we have already heard .
transitional government declared herself a follower of the conventional sharia law , which we have already heard about .
transitional government declared itself a follower of standard of sharia law , of which we have heard .
transitional government declared itself a follower of ordinary law sharia law , which we have heard about .
apostates'61 women may forget about emancipation ; the potential would be executed ; and so on .
women can forget about the apostates'61 emancipation ; of the potential will be executed ; etc.
apostates'61 women may forget about emancipation ; potential be executed ; and ,
apostates'61 women can and forget about the emancipation of the potential will be executed ; and so forth .
apostates'61 women could forget about emancipation ; potential would be executed ; and etc.
women can forget about apostates'61 of emancipation ; potential would be executed ; , and
in libya will be order , which we ca n't imagine , and who hardly would be willing to themselves .
in libya will order , which we ca n't imagine , and who is unlikely to be wished myself .
in libya will be an order that we cannot imagine , and hardly would be willing to yourself .
in libya will be the order that we ca n't imagine that hardly would be willing to themselves .
in libya will be the order , which we ca n't imagine , who hardly would be willing to yourself .
in libya will order that we cannot imagine , and unlikely to be wished .
and if in libya for the winners , the west , not included in the number of them .
and if , in libya to winners , the west , is not included in their number .
and if west in libya seeking winners , not included in their number .
and if west in libya to seek the winners , is not in the number of them .
and if in the libya 's looking for the winners , the west is not included in their number .
if , in libya for winners , west is not included in their number .
given a recent experience with afghanistan and iraq , we decided to withdraw from libya 's military occupation .
given recent experience with afghanistan and iraq , we decided to refuse from military occupation of libya .
taking into account recent experience with afghanistan and iraq , we decided to give up its military occupation of libya .
with the recent sad experience with afghanistan and iraq , we have decided to abandon the military occupation of libya .
given recent experience with afghanistan and iraq , we decided to abandon the of libya military occupation .
given the recent unfortunate experience with afghanistan and iraq , we decided to abandon the military occupation of libya .
although without the occupation will be whether oil company black gold in libya almost for the cheap ?
although without the occupation will libya 's oil companies the black gold almost for the song ?
while without occupation will libya 's oil company 's black gold from practically nothing ?
although without libya 's occupation will be whether the oil companies black gold almost for cheap ?
although without occupation would be whether the oil company black gold in libya for nearly song ?
although without the occupation will be whether the oil company black gold in libya nearly for the song ?
, france and the rest of europe now in the center of attention of investors .
france and the the rest of europe currently in the investor in the center of attention .
france and the rest of the of europe in a now - investor in the centre of attention .
france and the rest of europe and in the moment - at the center of attention investors .
france and the rest of the of europe in a now - investor in the centre of attention .
france and the rest of europe , in the moment - in the limelight of investors .
individual countries unveiled the data about the gdp , in the quarter .
individual country unveiled data about gdp in 3 quarter .
individual countries announced data on the gdp in 3rd quarter .
individual countries unveiled a data about of gdp in third quarter .
individual countries announced the data about the gdp in in the third quarter .
individual countries unveiled the data about gdp in in the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical offices in germany , czech republic , and some other countries , announced their preliminary assessment economic development of the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical office in germany , the czech republic , and certain other countries announced their preliminary evaluation of the economic development in the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical offices in germany , the czech republic , and several other countries , unveiled their own preliminary assessment economic development in the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical offices in germany , czech republic , and certain other countries reveals their preliminary evaluation of economic development in the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical offices in germany , the czech republic and in some other countries announced their preliminary assessments of economic development in the third quarter .
eurozone countries ' statistical offices in germany , the czech republic , and some of the other countries announced their estimates on the economic development in the third quarter .
both countries also have data on the second quarter , in which germany has things were going better than expected ( instead of the growth of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) . france reported a small decrease , at 0.1 % ( the original information to stagnation ) .
both countries also have data on the second quarter , in which germany has things were going better than expected ( instead of the increase of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) . france reported a small reduction , 0.1 % ( the original information to lead to stagnation .
both countries also have data for the second quarter , in which germany had things were going better than expected ( instead of the growth of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) . france reported a small reduction , 0.1 % ( the original information would stagnation ) .
both countries also have data on the second quarter , in which germany had things were going better than expected ( instead of the growth of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) , france reported a small decline on the 0.1 % ( the original information would stagnation ) .
both countries also have data on the second quarter , in which germany things were going better than expected ( instead of the growth of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) . france reported a small 0.1 % , reducing ( the original information to lead to stagnation ) .
both countries also have data on the second quarter , in which germany has things were going better than expected ( instead of the growth of 0.3 % 0.1 % ) . france reported a small cuts , on the 0.1 % ( the original information to lead to stagnation ) .
however , compared with the previous quarter in the gdp was stagnant . according to the czech statistical bureau , it is confirmed the trend of slowing economic growth .
however , when compared with the previous quarter gdp was stagnant . according to the czech statistical office , it confirmed the trend of gradual economic growth slows .
however , compared to the previous quarter gdp was mired in stagnation . according to the czech statistical office , this has confirmed the trend of gradual slowing economic growth .
however , compared to the previous quarter gdp was in the stagnant . according to the czech statistical bureau , confirmed the trend of slower economic growth .
but compared with previous quarter gdp was stagnant . according to the czech statistical office , it has confirmed the trend of slow economic growth .
however , when compared with the previous quarter gdp was mired in stagnation . according to the czech statistical bureau , it is confirmed the trend of slow economic growth .
based on preliminary data and seasonal , the third quarter the german economy grew by 0.5 per cent .
based on the preliminary data and seasonal , the third quarter of the german economy rose by 0.5 % .
data based on the preliminary and seasonal , the german economy grew at a 0.5 % in the third quarter .
on the basis of pre and seasonal data in the third quarter of germany 's economy grew by 0.5 % .
on the basis of preliminary and seasonal data , in the third quarter of the german economy grew by 0.5 % .
based on preliminary data , and seasonal the german economy grew at 0.5 % in the third quarter .
despite the fact that the situation in the region is deteriorating , czech 1 - year bond yields remain around 4 % .
despite the fact that the situation is deteriorating in the region , yields on czech 1 - year - old bond remains around 4 % .
despite the fact that , the situation in the region is deteriorating , the czech 1 - year bond yields is about 4 % .
despite the fact that the situation is in the region is deteriorating , czech 1 - year bond yields remains about 4 percent .
despite the fact that the situation in the region is deteriorating , czech 1 - year bond yields remain around 4 % .
despite the fact that the situation is in the region worsens , yields czech 1 - year bonds is about 4 % .
the national team successfully short with the difficult of the season .
national team successfully did with the the most difficult task of the season !
national team has successfully with the complex task season !
national team successfully has with the most challenging task season !
national team successfully managed with the most challenging task season !
the national team successfully with the most challenging season !
in the second half of the czech team was lucky to save a significant advantage after the home of match , and she will participate in the european championship .
in the second half of the czech team to retain a considerable advantage after the home of match , and she will take part in european championship again .
in the second half of the czech team lucky to maintain a significant advantage after the home of the match , and it will take part in european cup again .
in the second half of the czech team to save a significant advantage after the home of the match , and she again take part in the european championship .
in the second half of the czech team lucky to save a considerable advantage after the home of the match , and she will take part in the european cup again .
in the second half of the czech team to retain a significant advantage after the home of the match , and it will take part in the european championship again .
practically nothing remarkable in a first half and good luck in the second .
practically nothing remarkable in the first - half and big good luck the second .
almost nothing remarkable in the first half and big luck was the second .
anything remarkable in the first half and a fortune in second .
practically nothing remarkable , in the first half and large luck in the second .
almost nothing remarkable at the the first half and big success in the second .
excellent team defense czech team has allowed montenegro to create dangerous moments only the second half of games .
montenegro an excellent defence czech teams has allowed the team to create dangerous moments only the second half of the game .
an excellent defense czech team allowed the montenegro team to create a dangerous moments only in the second half of game .
excellent defense czech teams has allowed the montenegro team to create dangerous moments only the second half of the game .
an excellent defense czech allowed team montenegro team create a dangerous moments only the second half of the game .
montenegro 's excellent defense czech team has enabled the team to create dangerous moments only during the second half of the game .
a magnificent piotr czech - one reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship in the next year . and the czech football thereby will approximately 200 million czech crowns .
a magnificent peter czech - one reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship in next year . and the czech football thus will about 200 million czech crowns .
great peter czech is one of the reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship in next year . and the czech football thereby make about 200 million czech crowns .
a magnificent peter czech - one reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship in the next year . and the czech football thereby czk chiryurt 200 million .
a magnificent piotr czech - one reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship next year . and the czech football thereby czk running about 200 million .
a peter czech - one of the reason that the czech national team will not miss european championship next year . and the czech football thereby czk running around 200 million .
both teams experienced difficulties with combinations ; game most of the time was in the centre of the fields .
both teams experienced difficulty with combinations ; game most of the time , was at the center field .
both teams had difficulties with combinations ; most of the time was game in the heart of the field .
both teams have experienced difficulties with combinations ; play most of the time was at the center of the field .
both teams experienced difficulties with combinations of a game of most of the time was in center field .
both teams had difficulties with combinations ; a game of most of the time , was in the centre of the field .
iranian students are prepared to to die for the nuclear program .
iranian the students are ready to die for the his nuclear program .
iran students are also ready to die in their country 's nuclear program .
иранские students are willing to die in its nuclear program .
иранские students ready to to die for their own country 's nuclear weapons program .
iran students die over his country 's nuclear weapons program .
several hundred university students have human shield around the nuclear power plant in iran .
a few hundred university students have created a human shield around nuclear power plant in iran .
several hundred university students have set up a live shield around a nuclear power plant in iran .
a few hundred university students have created living shield surrounding the nuclear power plant in iran .
a few hundred university students have created a shield around atomic plant in iran .
few hundred university students created human shield around the nuclear power plants in iran .
on tuesday at noon for prayers students before entering the building was followed by the moleben of death , both us and israel .
on tuesday afternoon for prayers before entering the building was moleben students on the death of both the us , and israel .
on tuesday at noon for prayers student before entering the building was followed by moleben of death as the united states and israel .
at noon on tuesday for prayers before entering the building followed moleben students on the deaths of both the united states , and israel .
students on tuesday at noon for prayers before entering the building followed the icon of death as the united states and israel .
at noon on tuesday for prayers before entering the building followed the moleben students about the death as the united states and israel .
so , they have demonstrated their readiness to defend their country 's nuclear program at the price of their own lives .
therefore they showed readiness to protect his country 's nuclear program at the price of their own lives .
thus , they have demonstrated readiness to defend his country 's nuclear program at a cost of their own lives .
so they have demonstrated their willingness to to defend their country 's nuclear program at the cost of his own life .
thus , they have demonstrated readiness to defend his country 's nuclear program at their lives .
therefore they have demonstrated a willingness to defend their country 's nuclear programme at the cost of his own life .
a attack on the nuclear facilities in iran we discussed in israel .
possible attack on the iran 's nuclear facilities discussed israel .
eventual attack on the nuclear facilities in iran , discussed in the israel .
possible attack on nuclear weapons facilities in iran was in israel .
possible an attack on iran 's nuclear facilities was discussed by the israel .
a possible the attack on iran 's nuclear facilities discussed in the israel .
in case of attack aimed at a maximum парализацию iran 's nuclear program , targets will be , according to israeli press , installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the uranium enrichment .
in the case of attack aimed at the maximum парализацию will iran 's nuclear program , goals , according to israeli press , installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the uranium enrichment .
in the case of the attack , aimed at maximum парализацию iran 's nuclear program , targets will be , according to the israeli press , the installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the enrichment of uranium .
in the case of attack aimed at the maximum парализацию iran 's nuclear program , the targets will be , according to the israeli press , the installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the uranium enrichment .
in the case of attack , aimed at maximizing парализацию iran 's nuclear program that targets will be , according to the israeli press , installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the enrichment of uranium .
in the case of the attack , aimed at the maximum парализацию iran 's nuclear program , targets will be , according to israeli press , the installation , both in isfahan and natanz , where the uranium enrichment .
more than one - third of children aged 9 to 13 years , weigh more than regulations ; while 5 % 9 % of students are overweight , suffer from obesity .
more than one - third of children ages 9 to 13 years weigh more than norms ; while 5 % 9 % schoolchildren are overweight , suffer from obesity .
more than one - third of children aged 9 to 13 years , weigh more than regulations ; while 5 % 9 % of students are overweight , suffer from obesity .
more than one - third of children aged 9 to 13 years weigh more norms ; while 9 % of pupils have the weight , the 5 % suffer from obesity .
more than one - third of children aged 9 to 13 years old weigh more rules ; while the 5 % 9 % of schoolchildren are overweight , suffer from obesity .
more than one - third of children ranging in age from 9 to 13 years weigh more rules ; while 5 % 9 % of pupils have weight , suffer from obesity .
we again see the importance of the environment and behavior of models , accompanying a man , for his or her healthy development .
we once again see the importance of neighborhood and behaviors related to a man , for his or her a healthy development .
we again see the importance of environment and behaviors related to a man for his or her healthy development .
we again see the importance of environment , and behaviors , accompanying a man , for his or her healthy development .
we see again the importance of environment and behaviors related to man , to his or her healthy development .
we again see the importance of the environment and behaviors related to man to his or her healthy development .
more than 19 % of children , who suffer from obesity , ate for dinner , french fries on the eve of the poll , of educational event called obesity is not a coincidence .
more than 19 per cent of children suffering from obesity , ate for dinner to french fries on the eve of the survey of educational event titled obesity is not accidental .
more than 19 per cent of children suffering from obesity , ate for dinner , french fries on the eve of the poll of the educational event , called obesity - this is not a coincidence .
more than 19 per cent of children who suffer from obesity , ate for dinner to french fries on the eve of the survey of educational event under the name of obesity is not a coincidence .
more than 19 % of children who suffer from obesity , ate at dinner , french fries on the eve of the survey of the educational event under the title of obesity is not a coincidence .
more than 19 percent of children who suffer from obesity , ate for dinner , french fries on the eve of the poll , of the educational event called the obesity is no accident .
event obesity is not a coincidence was the second year in a row , with support from insurance company všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever .
obesity is not coincidence was the second year in a row the event , with the support of the insurance company všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever .
obesity is no accident was the second consecutive year the event , with support from the insurance company of všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever 's .
obesity is not a accident was the second consecutive year the event , supported by the insurance company všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever .
obesity is not chance was the second consecutive year the event , supported by insurance companies všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever .
obesity is not chance has been the second consecutive year the event , supported by the insurance company všeobecná zdravotní pojišťovna and unilever 's .
correct nutrition and enough sports load are the main factors causing fast - growing number of children who suffer from excessive weight gain , from obesity .
proper nutrition and sufficient sports load are major factors causing the fast - growing number of children who suffer from excess weight or obesity .
nutrition and enough sports load are main factors causing the rapidly growing number of children who suffer from excess body weight , or obesity .
nutrition and enough sports are the main factors causing rapidly growing number of children who suffer from excess weight or obesity .
proper nutrition and enough sports load is the main factors causing rapidly increasing number of children who suffer from excess body weight , from obesity .
nutrition and sufficient sports burden are the main factors causing rapidly growing number of children who suffer from excessive weight , or from obesity .
in the czech republic of only 23 % of households school breakfast together .
only 23 % in the czech republic families schoolchildren breakfast together .
only 23 % of households children breakfast together in czech republic .
in the czech republic , just 23 percent of families школьников eating breakfast together .
in the czech republic just the 23 % of households , for schoolchildren breakfast together .
in the czech republic the only 23 % of families shkolnikov eating breakfast together .
worse discovery was that every tenth family people did not breakfast .
worst discovery was that the every tenth family , people do not breakfast .
the discovery is that in each tenth family people are generally breakfast .
the discovery was that at every tenth family people are generally do not breakfast .
worst discovery was that each of the tenth family people at breakfast .
discovery was something that every tenth worst family people generally do not breakfast .
research showed that fried food often is used in households with children , suffering from in the incidence of obesity .
study revealed that fried food more often in families with children , suffering from obesity .
study found that fried food more often is used in households with kids , suffering from obesity .
research showed that more fried food used in families with children , patients from obesity .
study found that fried food often used in families with the children , suffering from obesity .
study showed that more fried food in families with children , with obesity .
although the more than 40 % of children regularly exercise , this figure is more than half - up to 15 % when it comes to their parents .
although more than 40 percent of children regularly exercise , this figure is falling more than half - up to 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
though more than 40 % of children regularly exercise , this number is down more than doubled - up to 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
although more than 40 % of the children regularly exercise , this figure falls more than doubled , to 15 % when it comes to their parents .
although more than 40 % of children are regularly exercise , this figure is down more than doubled to 15 % - when it comes to their parents .
more than 40 percent of children regularly exercise , though , this figure falls more than doubled - up to 15 per cent when it comes to their parents .
in other parts of the study selected children ( 204 boy and 172 girl of 13 schools ) were asked to make your own menu of proposed products and based on their tastes and preferences .
in another part of the study selected children ( 172 204 boys and girls of 13 schools ) was invited to make your own menu , based on the proposed products , and based on their tastes and preferences .
in another part of the study selected children ( 172 204 boy and girl of 13 schools ) were invited to make your own menu , on the basis of proposed products , based on their tastes and preferences .
in another part of the research selected children ( 172 204 boy and girls from 13 schools ) were invited to make your own menu on the basis of proposed products , and based on their tastes and preferences .
in another part of the study selected children ( 172 204 boy and girls from 13 schools ) was invited to make their own menus , from the proposed products and based on their tastes and preferences .
in other parts of the study selected children ( 204 boy and a 172 girls of the 13 schools ) were invited to make your own menu of proposed products and based on their tastes and preferences .
their favourite food includes large quantities of flour , meat and sweet and dishes .
their favorite food , includes large amounts of flour , meat and sweet foods .
their favorite meal includes a large number of pastry , the meat and a sweet dishes .
their favorite include a large amount of flour , meat and sweet - dishes .
their favorite food includes large numbers of flour , meat and sweet foods .
their favorite incorporates a large amount of flour , sweet and meat dishes .
as the dinner dishes pasta , the bird won with a slight margin .
won as the lunch meals paste bird with a small margin .
as a lunch dishes paste won bird , with small majorities .
as the main dinner dishes pasta defeated bird , with a small margin .
as the dinner dishes paste winning bird with a small margin .
as a basic lunch dishes pasta winning bird with smaller margin .
" many of the control group participants study showed a significant shift preferences toward healthier food , when the questionnaire after the lecture , obesity is not a coincidence , " according to the results of the project .
" many of the control group participants study showed a significant shift preference towards the healthy food , when the application after the lecture , obesity is not a coincidence , " according to the results of the project .
" many of the control group study showed a significant shift preferences toward a healthy food , when the application after the completion of the lectures obesity is not a coincidence , " says the results of the project .
" many participants in the control group study showed a significant shift preference towards the healthy food , when the questionnaire after the completion of the lecture obesity is not a coincidence , " according to the results of the project .
" many of the control group study showed a significant shift preferences toward healthy eating , when the application after the lectures obesity is not a coincidence , " according to the outcome of the project .
" many participants in the control group studies demonstrated a significant shift preference towards the healthy food , when the application after the completion of the lectures obesity is not a coincidence " , says the results of the project .
in addition , as the main children often noted poultry and fish dishes , restricting the number of sweet dishes and cooking .
in addition , as the main dishes kids often noted poultry and fish , limiting the number of sweet dishes and bake .
in addition , as the primary children often noted bird and fish dishes , limiting the amount of sweet dishes and bake .
in addition as the main dishes are often noted the bird and fish , by limiting the number of sweet dishes and baking .
in addition , the children as the main dishes often noted the birds and fish , limiting the number of sweet dishes and cooking .
in addition , as the main dishes children often have poultry and fish , restricting the amount of sweet dishes and bake .
in the first article about training for the stylists i complained to the wealth of information on introductory classes .
in the first article about training for stylists i complained to the volume of information on introductory classes .
in the first article about training for stylists i complained to the amount of information on introductory classes .
in the first article on the training to stylists i railed on the amount of information at introductory classes .
in the first article of training for the stylists i complained on the amount of information the introductory classes .
in the first article about training to stylists i complained on volume of information on the introductory classes .
lectures three experts in this area ; advice on clothing for non - standard figures ; and a seminar about how it all works in real life .
lecture three experts in this area ; advice on clothing for standard figures ; seminar about how it works in real life .
lecture three experts in the field ; advice on clothing for unusual pieces ; and a seminar about how all this works in real life .
lecture three experts in this area ; advice on clothes for the unconventional shapes ; and a workshop on how it works in real life .
lectures three experts in the field ; advice on clothing for nonstandard figures ; and seminar on how it works in real life .
lecture , three experts in this area ; advice on choice of clothes for unconventional shapes ; and a seminar about how it works in real life .
the closer we have a final exam , the more the information and practical work awaits us .
the closer we to the final exam , the more information and practical work awaits us .
closer to final exam , more information , and we practical tasks ahead of us .
we closer to a final exam , the more information and practical jobs we expect .
we closer to the final exam , waiting for more information , and practical tasks us .
closer we have a final exam , the more information and practical tasks , we expects .
this time with аленкой , director , ( course there is no one man ) we discussed how to dress a woman , whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
at this time with аленкой , director ( on the course , no men ) , we discussed how to put a woman , whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
for this time with аленкой , director , ( on the course no one man ) we 've discussed how to dress a woman , whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
this time with the аленкой , director , on the course , no one man ) we discussed how to dress a woman whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
at this time with аленкой , director , ( to know there is not a single man ) we discussed how to dress a woman , whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
this time , with аленкой , director , ( on the course , no one man ) we discussed how to dress a woman , whose body is not perfectly symmetric .
have a short neck , the other boyish figure without proper forms , another weighs more .
a short neck , the other boyish figure without appropriate forms yet another weighs more norms .
had one a short neck , the other boyish figure without proper forms , another weighs more than normal .
one short neck , the other has a boyish figure without appropriate forms , even one weighs more rules .
a short neck , another boyish figure without the necessary forms , one more weighs more than normal .
a short neck , another has boyish figure without the appropriate forms , another weighs more than norms .
we were given tips on how to emphasize the figure women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. , обладательниц more lush breasts and hips and a narrow waist , and not to wear them too provocatively .
they gave us tips on how to emphasize figure women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. обладательниц , more lush chest and thighs and a narrow waist , and not to dress too provocatively .
they gave us tips on how to emphasize the figure women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. , more lush обладательниц chest and hips and narrow waist , and not put too provocatively .
they gave us tips on how to emphasize figure women like jennifer lopez , i.e. , обладательниц over lush chest and hips and narrow waist , and not wearing them too provocatively .
they gave us advice , as stress figure women like jennifer lopez , i.e. , more lush обладательниц chest and hips and narrow waist , and not wear them too provocatively .
they gave us tips on how to emphasize the figure women such as jennifer lopez , i.e. , обладательниц more lush breast and thigh and a narrow waist , and not to dress too provocatively .
you definitely will not regret about the invested funds , because the ideal сидящая clothes is invaluable .
you clearly do n't regret the invested funds as ideal сидящая clothing is priceless .
you will clearly do not regret about the invested funds , as the ideal apparel is invaluable .
you will clearly does not regret the invested funds , because perfect clothing is invaluable .
you will not regret of invested funds , because ideally clothing is invaluable .
you will not regret the invested funds , as perfect сидящая clothes is invaluable .
обладательницы мальчишеских presets , on the other hand , can wear clothes with the рюшами , аппликацией embroidered or folds .
обладательницы мальчишеских figures the other hand , can wear clothes with рюшами аппликацией , folds or embroidery .
обладательницы мальчишеских figures the other hand , can wear clothes with рюшами аппликацией , folds or embroidery .
обладательницы мальчишеских figures , on the other hand , can wear the clothes with the рюшами аппликацией , embroidery or creases .
обладательницы мальчишеских figures on the other hand , can wear your clothes with рюшами , аппликацией , embroidery or folds .
обладательницы мальчишеских figures , on the other hand , can wear clothes with рюшами , аппликацией , embroidery or a folds .
and yet , i am afraid , was too much , given homework that we have received .
and yet , i 'm afraid it is too much , given a homework assignment , which we received .
still , i 'm afraid , it too much , considering the homework , which we received .
and yet , i am afraid it too much , given the homework that we have got .
and yet , i 'm afraid , it is too much , given homework which we received .
and yet , i am afraid , it 's too much , given a homework assignment , which we received .
we should consider their modern appearance , their style of clothes and type of political figure .
we must take their modern appearance , their style of dress and type of figure .
we should take into consideration their modern appearance , their style of clothes and type of shapes .
we should take into account their modern , appearance , their style of clothing and type of shapes .
we must consider their current appearance , their style of clothing and type figure .
we must take into account their contemporary appearance , their style of dress and figure .
i am happy about themselves , because it put it much easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which recently recovered per ton ( please , keep in mind that i exaggerate gomez ) , or very young селену .
i am happy about myself , because her dress is much easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which recently recovered per ton ( please , keep in mind that i exaggerate ) , or very young селену gomes .
i am happy about myself , because it put it is easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which recently recovered per ton ( please keep in mind that i exaggerate , or very young селену gomez .
i am happy about myself , because her dress it is easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which recently recovered per ton ( please keep in mind that i exaggerate ) , or very young селену gomez .
i am happy about myself , because her dress is easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which has just recovered per ton ( please keep in mind that i exaggerate ) , or quite young селену gomez .
i am happy to myself , because it put much easier than , say , britney spears , christina агилеру , which recently recovered per ton ( please , keep in mind that i exaggerate ) , or more young селену gomez .
мудборд so - called the result of work , then reflects our own style and attitudes toward the graphic image .
мудборд - so called the result of the work - then reflect our own style and attitude towards the graphic image .
мудборд - so is the result of work - at reflects our own style and attitude to graphic image .
мудборд so - called work - then reflects our own style and attitude to graphics picture .
мудборд - called the result of the work , then reflects our own style and attitude to graphic image .
мудборд so - called the outcome of the work , then reflects our own style and attitude towards the graphic image .
stylist not just the real people , but creates a grocery pages in magazines ( based on specific guidelines , for instance , hip bags , coats , etc. ) .
stylist not just the real people , but creates the food pages in magazines ( based on specific guidelines , for example , fashionable bags , coats , etc. ) .
stylist not just the real people , but creates food pages in magazines ( based on specific guidance , for example , hip bags , coats , etc. ) .
stylist not just the actual people , but creates food pages in magazines ( based on specific guidelines , for example , hip bags , coat , etc. ) .
stylist not just the real people , but creates product pages in magazines ( based on specific guidance , for example , fashionable purses , coat , etc. ) .
stylist not just the real people , but creates the food pages in magazines ( based on specific guidelines , for example , fashionable bags , coats , etc. ) .
saturday lecture , the information about the types of pieces , and three guests -- specialists in this area .
saturday lecture , the types of information figures and three guests - professionals in the area .
saturday lecture , the types of figures , information and three guests - specialists in the area .
saturday a , the information on the types of shapes , and three guests - specialists .
saturday a , the information about the types of figures , and three guests -- specialists in this region .
saturday lecture , the information on types of figures , and three guests " specialists in the area .
yakub reminded us that fashion is illusion and stylist must be to use this .
yakub has reminded us is that fashion is an illusion and a stylist must use this fact .
yakub reminded us that fashion is an illusion and stylist ought to use this fact .
yakub reminded us , that fashion is an illusion of stylist to use this .
jakub reminded us is that fashion is an illusion and stylist supposed use this fact .
jakub reminded us that the fashion - is an illusion and stylist should use that fact .
another possibility - roll up your sleeves or raise collar , and the way of the changes .
another possibility is roll up your sleeve or to raise the collar , and the entire image completely changing .
another possibility - roll up your sleeves or raise collar , and the way of the changes .
another possibility is roll up your sleeves or to raise the collar , and the entire image of the changing .
another possibility - up your sleeves or raise collar , and the whole of completely changing .
another opportunity to " roll up sleeves or raise the collar , and the way of completely changing .
whatever , i just appreciate following advice : " for your work you should ideally know the rules . "
whatever the case , i most appreciated following advice : " for your work you should ideally know the rules " .
however , i was most appreciated following tip : " for your work you should ideally know the rules . "
whatever , i most appreciated the following advice : " your work you should ideal know the rules . "
anyway , i most appreciated the next tip : " for your work you should be ideal to know the rules . "
however , i was most appreciated following tip : " for your work you should ideally know the rules . "
here i finally realized why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combined with what and why , then how in fashion magazines , we often see quite different .
here , i finally understood why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combine with and why , then in fashion magazines as we frequently see quite another .
here , i finally understood why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combined with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see is quite another .
here , i finally understood why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combined with than and why , while in fashion magazines we frequently see quite another .
here , i finally understood why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combined with what and why , while in fashion magazines we often see quite another .
here i finally understood why we зубрим all definitions and rules that combined with what and why , while fashion magazines we often see another .
from ben , photographer , i learned that have stylist ready should be more options than outfits , the number of pictures that he needs to be done .
from ben , a photographer , i learned that have stylist ready should be more options than outfits , the number of pictures that he needs to do .
from ben , the photographer , i learned that the stylist ready to be more options than outfits , the number of photos , which he needs to be done .
from ben , photographer , i learned that stylist ready options outfits , should be more than the number of photos , which he needs to do .
from ben , a photographer , i learned that the stylist ready should be more options than the number of photos show that it needs to be done .
from ben , a photographer , i learned that a stylist ready should have more options , outfits , than the number of photos that he needs to be done .
now i also know that the picture piece of clothing that often looks and works in combination with other not so , as in reality .
now i also know that on the picture piece of clothing that often looks and works in conjunction with the other did not like the reality .
now , i also know that the picture piece of clothing often looks and works in combination with other not like the reality .
now i also know that the picture piece of clothing that often looks and works in conjunction with other not so , in the reality .
now , i also know that on the picture often looks and works in conjunction with the other piece of clothing not so , in reality .
now i also know that the image piece of clothing that often looks and works in conjunction with the other is not so , as in reality . "
honza покорны confirmed that image and style - half success .
honza family confirmed that often image and style is half of the success .
honza image and style family confirmed that often - half of the success .
honza obedient , confirmed that often have image and style - of success .
honza often family confirmed that image and style - half .
хонза family confirmed that he often image and style " half of success .
attitudes towards services stylists in the czech republic is still pretty cool .
attitudes towards stylists services in the czech republic , is still are pretty cool .
relating to stylists in the czech republic - is still pretty cool .
attitude towards the stylists services in the czech republic - still very cool .
attitudes to stylists in of the czech republic services is still pretty cool .
attitudes towards stylists services in the czech republic is still fairly cool .
and if someone finally allows us to create their style , we should expect that what they call us another ( less ) size , than they really are .
and if someone finally allows us to build up their style , we should expect , what they call us , other ( less ) size , than that they really are .
and if someone finally allows us to create their style , we should expect that they call us to another ( less ) the size , than the one they really are .
and if someone finally allows us to create their style , we should expect that they call us another ( less ) than size , that they really are .
and if someone finally allows us to build up their style , we should expect that they call us the other ( less ) the size , than that which they really are .
and if someone finally allows us to establish their style , we should expect that they call us other ( less ) than the amount that they really are .
on sunday , honza , and mario did emphasis on that for the stylist enough to be in fashion and be able to pick up attire .
sunday honza and mario did focus on that for the stylist is to be in fashion and be able to pick up attire .
sunday honza and mario did focus on that for the stylist not enough to get in the fashion and be able to choose outfit .
in sunday honza and mario did focus on that , the stylist not enough to deal in fashion and be able to pick up outfit .
in sunday хонза and mario did focus on , that is not enough for the stylist deal in fashion and be able to pick up attire .
on sunday хонза and mario did the emphasis on that , for the stylist is not enough to get in fashion and be able to pick up outfit .
to be able to evaluate the people , do not condone them and to adhere to his opinions .
to be able to judge people , do not condone them , and to stick to his opinions .
to be able to assess people , do not indulge them , and stick to their opinions .
in order to be able to judge people , do n't condone them and to adhere to his opinion .
in order to be able to evaluate the people , do n't condone them and to adhere to its opinion .
in order to be able to evaluate the people , do n't condone them and to stick to its opinion .
" find at least a few things that you can praise , and encourage that could wear with them , " says mario .
" find at least a few things that you can praise , and encourage that can carry with them , " says mario .
' find at least a few things you can praise and encourage that can be worn along with them " mario says .
" find at least a few things you can praise , and encourage that you can wear with them , " says mario .
" find at least a few things you can praise , and encourage that can be worn along with them " mario says .
" find at least a few things that you can praise , and encourage that could wear with them , " says mario .
this bag that you are повязываете around the waist , to carry everything you need .
this bag , you 've повязываете around the waist , in order to carry everything you need .
this bag , which the you повязываете around the waist , to wear all good things .
the bag , that you 're повязываете around the waist , to wear all necessary .
this bag that you повязываете around the waist , to wear all the necessary .
this bag that you are повязываете around waist , to wear all the necessary .
to distract from the lectures and get some experience , we learned how to properly to make metal on the soles of shoes .
to distract from the lectures , and get some practical experience , we have learned the right thing to do overlays the soles of shoes .
to distract from the lectures and to get some experience , we have the right thing to do , on the soles of shoes .
to distract from the lectures and obtain some practical experience , we have learned the right thing to do , at the soles of shoes .
to distract from lectures to get some practical experience , we have learned the right thing to do , the soles of shoes .
to distract from the lecture and to get some experience , we have learned the right thing to do , the soles of shoes .
i 'm starting to understand that professional stylist not so easy , no matter what was said .
i begin to understand that this be professional stylist not so easy , no matter what have said .
i begin to understand that being a professional stylist does n't so easy , no matter what spoke .
i begin to understand that the be a professional stylist is not so easily , whatever .
i am beginning to realize that to be a professional stylist not so easily whatever .
i begin to understand that to be a professional stylist is not very easily , whatever .
ambitions to a certain extent have been met , but it does n't matter , because no one clearly did not want to do extra work .
ambitions were satisfied , but it does n't matter to a certain extent , because no clearly did n't want to do extra work .
ambitions have been satisfied , but this is it does n't matter to some extent , because no one is clearly not want to do extra work .
ambitions to a certain extent have been met , but it does not matter , since no one clearly did not want to do extra work .
ambitions were satisfied , but that does n't matter to some extent , because nobody clearly do not want to do extra work .
ambitions were to some extent , but it is does n't matter , because no one is clearly did n't want to do extra work .
she expected that the previous series of need for speed in a new direction ; demonstration versions testified that the game will take place in the racing game genre .
it was expected that it the previous series need for speed in a new direction ; the demo version testified about that game will take place in racing games .
it was expected that it moves the previous series need for speed in a new direction ; demo versions of testified that game will take place in the genre racing games .
it was expected that she had the previous series need for speed in a new direction ; demonstration version that game will take place in the racing game genre .
she expected that the previous series of need for speed in a new direction ; a demo version of that game will take place in racing games genre .
expected that it is the previous series need for speed in a new direction ; demonstration version of that game will take place in the genre racing games .
as is often the case with nfs , ultimately is much different than what we would have expected .
as often happens with nfs , eventually much different from what we expected .
as often is the case with nfs , as a result , much is different from what we would have expected .
as often happens with nfs , as a result , much different from what we expected .
as so often happens with the nfs , eventually much is different from what we had expected .
as often happens with nfs , eventually , is much different from what we expected .
and so , in reality , this is not failures , and the manifestation of inexplicable laziness .
and this means that in fact it 's not mistakes , and the manifestation of the inexplicable laziness developers .
and , in fact it is not mistakes , and developers of inexplicable laziness .
and so , in fact it is not a mistake and of inexplicable sloth developers .
and therefore , in reality , this is not mistakes , and developers manifestation of the inexplicable laziness .
and this means that in fact it 's not mistakes , and the manifestation of the inexplicable laziness developers .
you become a part of history , whose main character , jack decides to solve some personal problems with participation in the illicit race across america .
you become part of history , the hero , which jack , decides to solve some personal problems with the help of the participation in illegal race across america .
you become part of history , whose protagonist jack , decides to some personal problems with the help of involvement in illegal race across america .
where you become part of history , the main character , jack , decides to solve some personal problems with participating in illegal race across america .
you become part of history , the main character , which jack decides to solve any personal problems with the participation in the illegal race across america .
you become part of history , whose protagonist , jack decides to solve any personal problems with participation in the illegal race in america .
it means that each race is in its route , individual stages take place in diverse and interesting environment .
this means that every race passes along its route , individual milestones are in a diverse and interesting environment .
this means that each race is on their route , individual stages are held in the diverse and interesting environment .
this means that each race goes along its route , certain stages in the diverse and interesting environment .
it means that each race passes along its route , some stages are held in diverse and interesting environment .
this means that every race goes on to his route , individual stages are held in diverse and interesting .
despite the fact that the timetable is on the same level , in previous parts of the series , it is pleasant to look at some tracks .
despite what the schedule is at the same level as that and in the previous parts of the series , it is pleasant to look at some of the track .
despite the fact that schedule is at the same level as that in previous parts of the series , on some road look nice .
despite the fact that the graphics is at the same level in previous parts of the series , and that it is pleasant to look at some tracks .
despite what the schedule is on the same level , that and in previous parts of the series , it is pleasant to look at some of the track .
despite what the schedule is at the same level as that and in the previous parts of the series , it is pleasant to look at some of the track .
although driving through desert , on the autumn suburbs or high in the snow - capped mountains very pleasant .
while driving through wilderness , autumn suburbs or high in the snow - covered mountains very pleased .
while driving through the desert , in the autumn suburbs , or high in the snow - capped mountains very pleasant .
while driving through the desert , the autumn suburbs or high in the snow - capped mountains of very nice .
although driving through a desert , on autumn suburbs or in the snow - capped mountains , very nice .
though driving through the desert , on autumn suburbs or high in the snow - capped mountains really nice .
for example , in the desert you are in a sandstorm снижающую an appearance significantly .
in the desert , for example , you will find yourself in a sandstorm considerable снижающую appearances .
in the desert , for example , you will find yourself in a sandstorm considerable снижающую appearances .
in the wilderness , for example , you yourself in a sandstorm much снижающую visibility to .
in the wilderness , for example , you in a sandstorm much снижающую visible .
in the wilderness , for example , you yourself in a sandstorm much снижающую visibility to .
for a while you are trying to pass a few rivals ( essentially a normal race ) ; then you are trying to improve time ( standard race with секундомером ) ; or you 're competing against one opponent .
for a while you are trying to overtake several rivals ( essentially a normal race ) ; then you try to improve time ( a standard race with секундомером ) ; or you 're up against one opponent .
for some time , you are trying to overtake several rivals ( essentially a race ) ; then you are trying to improve time ( standard race with секундомером ) ; or you 're competing against one opponent .
for a while , you are trying to overtake several rivals ( essentially a race ) ; then you are trying to improve time ( standard race with секундомером ) ; or you 're up against one enemy .
for a while you are trying to overtake several rivals ( essentially a normal race ) ; then you 're trying to improve time ( a standard race with секундомером ) ; or you 're up against one opponent .
for a while you 're trying to overtake a few rivals ( essentially a normal race ) ; then you 're trying to improve the time ( standard race with секундомером ) ; or you up against one opponent .
in fact , it turns out that for the game is good , because this property is n't bored ; given all the above , is one of the things that make the game entertaining .
actually , it turns out that game is good , because the property is not boring ; given all the above , this is one of things that make entertaining .
in fact it turns out that for the game is good , because property is not boring ; considering all this , it is one of things that make entertaining .
actually , it turns out that for the games is good , because property is not boring ; given all this , this is one of the things that make entertaining .
in fact , it turns out that for a game is good , because property is not bored ; given all this , this is one of the things that make the game entertaining .
actually , it turns out that for the game is good , because property is not boring ; given all this , this is one of the things that makes entertaining game .
this means , that it no longer represent something special , but this cannot be considered insufficient .
this means that she is no longer represents something special , but that cannot be regarded as a disadvantage .
this means that it is no longer is something special , but this cannot be considered insufficient .
this means that she no longer presents something special , but this should not be considered inadequate .
this means , that she no longer represents something special , but this cannot be a flaw .
this means that it no longer constitutes something special , but that cannot be considered inadequate .
and yet this model is driving very suitable for dynamic races , while the market you can find more good options .
and yet , this model driving is suitable for dynamic races , although the market could find more good options .
and yet this model is driving very for dynamic racing , while the market you can find some better options .
and yet this model driving really suitable for dynamic races , although in the market can find better options .
and yet this model driving very suitable for dynamic of racing , although the market can find more good options .
driving and yet this model is suitable for dynamic races , although the market you can find better options .
from this game does not expect complex transformations and clashes , but if you are n't before clash with the object , how your machine that is not so .
from such a game does not expect complex transformation and clashes , but if you are not before the clash with the object , how your machine , something not so .
from this game does not expect the complex transformation and clashes , but if you have no idea before a clash with the object , how is your car , that something is wrong .
from this game does not expect the complex transformations and clashes , but if you are n't facing a clash with the object , how your car , something not so .
from such a game does not expect complex transformation and clashes , but if you are not before the clash with the object , how your machine , something not so .
from such games do not expect difficult transformations and clashes , but if you have no idea before a clash with the object , how your machine , something not so .
перезапуски are , so that if you разбиваетесь or leave with the game returns you to the point , where she interrupted .
перезапуски designed so that if you 're разбиваетесь far or leave with the game returns you to the point where she broke .
перезапуски designed so that if you are разбиваетесь or far leave with the track , the game returns you on that point , where she broke off .
перезапуски made so that if you leave разбиваетесь or far off the game returns you to that point , where she broke off .
перезапуски designed so that if you разбиваетесь far or go off the game returns you to the point where it broke off .
перезапуски are far , so that if you разбиваетесь or leave with the track , the game returns you to the point where she interrupted .
if you 're using all of them , you will have to start the race , since the beginning .
if you 're using them all , you will have to start the race from the outset .
if you have them all , you need to start the race from the very beginning .
if you 're using them all , you have to start the race , from the very beginning .
if you 're all of them , you will have to start the race from the beginning .
if you use them all , you will need to to start the race from the start .
sometimes перезапусков , and you have to learn by heart is not enough a separate section of the race .
sometimes перезапусков not enough and you have to learn reciting a section of the race .
sometimes перезапусков were n't enough , and you have to learn by heart special section of the race .
sometimes перезапусков n't enough , and you need to learn by heart a separate section of the race .
sometimes перезапусков enough , and you have to learn by heart separate section of the race .
sometimes перезапусков enough , you have to learn by heart and a separate the race .
for example , some corners should pass a certain way , otherwise you just does not впишетесь .
for example , some corners to run a certain way , otherwise you 're just not впишетесь . "
for example , some twists need to pass a certain way , otherwise you simply впишетесь . "
for example , some twists to go through a certain way , otherwise you are just not впишетесь .
for example , some twists need to run a certain way , otherwise you will not впишетесь .
for example , some turns to take place a certain way , otherwise you simply впишетесь .
this is especially irritating in situations when you see how your opponent easy rides between the two machines , moving in the opposite direction , while when you get there , machines already are , so that you need to either their povolgie or lose speed .
this is especially annoying in situations where you can see how your opponent easy rides between the two cars , moving in the opposite direction , whereas when you get there , the machines are already so that you need to either their povolgie or to lose speed .
this is especially irritating in situations when you see how your opponent easy rides between the two cars , moving in the opposite direction , whereas when you get there , the machines are located , so that you have to either their povolgie or lose speed .
this is especially annoying in situations when you see how your opponent easy rides between the two cars , moving in the opposite direction , while when you get there , machines already are , so that you need to either their globe or to lose speed .
this is especially annoying in situations where you see how your opponent easy rides between the two cars , moving in the opposite direction , whereas when you get there , cars are already so that you need to either their povolgie , or to lose speed .
this is especially annoying in situations when you see how your opponent easy rides between the two cars , moving in the opposite direction , whereas when you get there , the machines already are located so that you need to either their bypass or to lose speed .
this is especially evident in the end game , on long bridge , where you are driving in the opposite direction . "
this is especially evident at the end game on a long bridge , where you are driving at the opposite direction .
this is especially evident at the end of the game , on the long bridge where you are going into the opposite direction .
this is especially evident in the end of the game , on long bridge , where are you driving at the opposite direction .
this is especially true at the end of games , the long bridge , where you 're in the opposite direction .
this is especially evident at the end of the game , on long bridge where you are driving in the opposite direction .
the thing is that when he drives in front of you , it affects you review , which leads to one or several accidents in this area .
the fact is , that when he goes in front of you , he makes you review , which leads to one or more accidents on this area .
in fact , when he was leaving before you , it affects you review , which leads to one or several accidents on this stage .
in fact , when he was leaving before you , he makes you review , that leads to one or more accidents on this area .
the fact that when he goes in front of you , it affects you review , that leads to one or more accidents on the area .
the thing is that when he drives in front of you , it affects you review , which leads to one or several accidents in this area .
pity , because despite the simple model driving , the game занимательна and sometimes so full of events that you do n't have time to pay attention to what happens around you .
pity , because despite driving simple model , game занимательна and sometimes so full of events that , you do n't have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
sorry , because despite simple model driving , the game занимательна and sometimes so full of events that you do n't have time to pay attention to what is happening all around you .
pity , because despite the simple driving , the game занимательна , and sometimes model so full of events that you do n't have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
pity , because despite the simple model driving , the game занимательна and sometimes so full of events , that you have no time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
pity , because in spite of the simple model driving game занимательна and sometimes so full of events , that you do n't have time to pay attention to what is happening around you .
main story mode is closely associated with the regime challenge mode ; this race on the individual sites , that you learn during the game .
the main story mode is closely connected with the regime challenge mode ; it is a race of individual sites that you 'll learn during the game .
main story mode is closely associated with the regime challenge mode ; it is a race the individual sites that you will learn during the game .
the main story mode is closely associated with the regime 's challenge mode ; it is a race on individual sites that you will find out during the game .
the main story mode is closely connected with the challenge mode ; it is a race of individual sites , you will see during the game .
the main story mode is closely associated with regime challenge mode ; it is a race of individual sites that you find out during the game .
many opportunities available for receiving more high - level driving : ranging from cars to data profile .
many opportunities are available for more than high - level driving : ranging from cars to data .
many opportunities available for a more high - level driving : ranging from machines to profile data .
many opportunities available to more high - level data driving ranging from vehicles and to profile .
many opportunities are available for receiving more high - level driving data ranging from cars and to profile .
many opportunities are available for more high - level driving : from cars to data profiles .
here is another flaw that difficult to understand ; it 's an example of last race in the sequence .
here is another flaw , difficult to understand ; this is an example of last race in succession .
here 's another flaw , difficult to understand ; this is an example of the last race in order .
here is one disadvantage , difficult to understand ; it 's an example of the race in consistency .
here is another flaw , a difficult to understand ; it 's an example of the last race in sequencing .
here is another disadvantage , difficult to understand ; it 's an example of the the last race in the sequence .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( so ) , let 's assume that , when suddenly back on you налетает train subway system , turning your car into a pile of scrap metal .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( we ) believe that , back when suddenly you налетает subway train , turning your car in a pile of scrap metal .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( so ) we think that , when suddenly back on you налетает subway train , turning your car into a pile of scrap metal .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( so ) , let 's assume that , when suddenly back on you налетает train subway system , turning your car into a pile of scrap metal .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( so ) we believe that , when you suddenly from behind the onrushing freight train subway , make your car in the pile of scrap metal .
your speedometer shows the numbers from 150 to 200 km / h ( so ) we believe that when you suddenly from behind the onrushing freight train , subway , making your car in the pile of scrap metal .
technical component of the game is not anything special ; but the overall impression from sequences for the most part , delightful , sometimes even shocking .
technical component of the game does not constitute anything ; but the overall impression from sequences for the most part , delightful , sometimes even amazing .
technical element of the game does not constitute anything ; but the overall impression from the sequences for the most part , the delightful , sometimes even startling .
technical component of the games does not constitute anything ; but the overall impression from the sequences for the most part , the delightful , sometimes shocking .
technical element of the game does not represent a anything ; but the overall impression of sequences for the most part , a nice , sometimes shocking .
technical component of the game is not a anything ; but the overall impression from sequences mostly sweet , sometimes even staggering .
this is particularly true for accident with a large number of participants , where a good record you do n't especially would be helped , too .
this is particularly true for accidents involving a large number of participants , where a good record , too , you would not be especially helped .
this applies particularly to incidents with a large number of players , where a good record you would not particularly helped , too .
this applies particularly to accidents with a large number of participants , where a record you do n't especially would be helped , too .
this especially incidents with a large number of parties , where a good record , too , would you do n't especially helped .
this is particularly true for accidents with a large number of participants , where a good record you would n't particularly helped too .
to please the youth audience , as broad as possible in the soundtrack 'вошли compositions from the different styles ' ; but it is unlikely many people purchase game due to its music .
to please the broader youth audience , as possible in the soundtrack 'вошли composition of different styles ' ; but it is hardly a lot of people buy game because of her music .
to please as a broader youth audience , in the soundtrack 'вошли compositions from the different styles ' ; but hardly a lot of people purchase game due to her music .
to please as a broader youth audience in soundtrack 'вошли composition of different styles ' ; but it is hardly a lot of people buy the game because of its music .
to please the broader youth audiences as possible , in the soundtrack 'вошли compositions from the different styles ' ; but it is unlikely a lot of people purchase game because of its music .
broader youth audiences as possible to please , in the soundtrack 'вошли compositions from the different styles ' ; but it is hardly a lot of people buy the game because of her music .
if the game has clearly unnecessary errors , we could honestly say that the escape is the best part of the nfs over the past few years .
if the game has avoided clearly unnecessary mistakes , we could honestly say , that escape is the best part of the nfs , over the past few years .
if game has obviously unnecessary errors , we could honestly say that escape is the best part of the nfs in the past few years .
if game avoided obviously unnecessary errors , we could genuinely say that escape is the best part of the nfs over the past few years .
if game avoided clearly unnecessary mistakes , we could genuinely say that running is the best part of the nfs over the last few years .
if the game has clearly unnecessary errors , we could honestly say that escape - the best part of the nfs in recent years .
of course , it 's good fun , but be ready , that defects ослепят airport you , as the floodlights .
of course , this is a good entertainment , but get ready for that weaknesses ослепят you , as the floodlights at the airport .
of course , it 's a good fun but be ready , that defects ослепят you as airport floodlights .
of course , this is good fun , but get ready for that faults ослепят you , as the floodlights at the airport .
but of course , this is good fun , be ready , that defects ослепят you , as floodlights airport .
of course , it 's a good fun , but be ready , that shortcomings ослепят you as the floodlights .
through the third consecutive year the festival festa academia offers unite international students and day anniversary of the velvet revolution with the music event .
through the third year in a row the festival festa academia offers to join international student and day anniversary of the velvet revolution with the musical event .
through the third consecutive year the festival festa academia offers to join the international students and the velvet revolution anniversary day with musical event .
through the third consecutive year festa festival academia offers to join the international students and day anniversary of the velvet revolution with musical event .
through the third consecutive year the festival festa academia offers unite the international student day and the anniversary of the velvet revolution with the music event .
through the third consecutive year the festival festa academia offers to unite international student and the velvet revolution anniversary day with a music event .
festival main event are two of the concert , which will on 17 november .
festival main event - two concert that take place november 17 .
two shows , the main event of the festival - which will be held november 17 .
two concert , main event , festival - which will be held on november 17 .
festival main event - two concerts that will be held 17 november .
festival main event - two concert that take place november 17 .
" choruses - participants include the department of education and humanities ; vaclav гампл choir , the chancellor will be the committee , " said jakub чалун , head of the organizing committee .
" choirs - participants include choir faculty education and the humanities ; vaclav гампл , the chancellor will be the committee , " said jakub чалун , head of the organizing committee .
" choruses - participants include faculty education and human sciences ; vaclav гампл choir , the chancellor will be in the committee , " said jakub чалун , head of the organising committee .
" choruses - participants include choir faculty of education and humanities ; vaclav гампл , the chancellor , will go into the committee , " said jakub чалун , the head of the organizing committee .
" choruses - choir members include faculty of education and humanities ; vaclav гампл , rector , will go down in committee , " said jakub чалун , head of the organising committee .
" choruses - participants include the choir school education and humanities ; vaclav гампл , the chancellor will be the committee , " said jakub чалун , head of the organizing committee .
work " jazz mass , " the famous czech rock , karel ружички , also include the program .
work " jazz mass , " essay well - known czech rock ) , karel ружички , is also into the program .
" jazz mass , " essay well - known czech rock ) , karel ружички , also is part of the program .
" jazz mass , " essay by a well - known czech rock ) , karel ружички , also serves on the program .
" jazz mass " , opus known czech rock , karel ружички , also serves on the program .
work " jazz mass , " the famous czech rock ) , karel ружички that is also part of the program .
the festa academica - celebrate international students and of the 22 - day anniversary of the velvet revolution ; as well as public хоровую music of the highest quality and develop creative interaction among young people .
the festa academica - to celebrate international students and dignity , the 22 - day anniversary of the velvet revolution ; as well as public хоровую music quality and develop creative interaction among young people .
the festa academica - celebrate the international students and the 22 - day anniversary of the velvet revolution ; as well as public хоровую music , the highest quality and develop creative interaction among young people .
the festa academica - celebrate the international student and the 22 - day anniversary of the velvet revolution ; as well as public хоровую music of highest quality and to develop creative interaction among young people .
goal festa academica - celebrate the international students and the 22 - day anniversary of the velvet revolution ; as well as public хоровую music of highest quality and develop the interaction among young people .
the festa academica - celebrate international day of the students and the 22nd anniversary of velvet revolution ; and to provide public хоровую music quality and develop the interaction among young people .
all event passes with the assistance богуслава freedom , lord - mayor of prague , and vaclav гампла , rector of charles university .
all event passes with the help богуслава , lord mayor of prague , and vaclav гампла freedom , president of charles university .
all event is supported by the богуслава freedom , lord - mayor prague , and vaclav гампла , rector of charles university .
all event passes by богуслава of liberty , lord mayor of prague , and vaclav гампла , rector charles university .
all event is being assisted by богуслава liberty , lord mayor of prague , and vaclav гампла , president of charles university .
all event is being assisted by the богуслава freedom , lord - mayor of prague , and vaclav гампла , rector charles university .
program offers as formal concerts , and numerous meetings хэппенинги students daily performances , etc.
program offers as official concerts , as well as numerous musical meetings хэппенинги students , daily performances , and so on .
program offers both official concerts , and numerous music meeting хэппенинги students daily performances , and so forth .
concerts , the program offers both official and numerous music meeting хэппенинги students , day performances , and so forth .
program offers both official concerts , and numerous music meetings хэппенинги students , day plays , etc.
program offers , both official concerts and numerous music meeting , хэппенинги students daily performances and so on .
" it will take five or six years before the situation stabilized , at least a down and all the players used to their new roles , " ambassador eu milena виценова rigidly began its lecture at the faculty of law .
" it will take five or six years , before the situation stabilized , at least a down and all players used to their new roles , " ambassador eu gigantic виценова began his lecture at the faculty of law .
" it will take five or six years before the situation is somehow stabilized , down and all the players used to their new roles " , the eu ambassador milena виценова rigidly began a lecture at the faculty of law .
" it will take five or six years before the situation stabilized , at least a down and all players used to their new roles " , eu ambassador milena виценова rigidly started his lecture on the faculty of law .
" it will take five or six years before the situation somehow stabilized , down and all those players used to their new roles " , eu ambassador milena виценова start his lecture at the faculty of law .
" it will take five or six years , before the situation somehow stabilized , down and all players used to their new roles " , the eu 's ambassador milena виценова started his lecture on the faculty of law .
moreover , виценова , praised the work of the new permanent chairman of the of the european council herman van rompuy as :
furthermore , the виценова praised the job of the new permanent chair of the of the european council , herman van rompuy :
moreover , виценова , praised the work of the new permanent president of the european council herman van rompuy ,
moreover , having виценова praised the work of new permanent chairman of the european council herman van rompuy :
moreover , виценова praised work of a new permanent chair of the european council , herman van rompuy ,
moreover , including виценова praised the work a new permanent president of the european council herman van rompuy :
" he 's a man who can listen to while twenty seven member countries , to communicate with them and has a clear idea which way the eu need to develop " .
" he is a person who can listen to while twenty - seven member states , with them to communicate and has a good idea , in what direction to develop the eu . "
" he 's a person who can listen to at twenty - seven member countries , to communicate with them and has a good idea , in what direction to develop the eu . "
" he 's a man who can listen to while twenty - seven countries , to communicate with them and has a good idea , in what direction to develop the eu . "
" he 's a man who can listen to while twenty - seven countries , to communicate with them and has a good idea , in what direction the eu need to develop . "
" he 's a man who can listen to simultaneously twenty seven member countries , to communicate with them and has a good idea , in what direction to develop . "
she said that the government 's resignation in the time was negative phenomenon , нанесшим considerable damage to the czech republic .
she said that government 's resignation in the time was negative phenomenon , нанесшим the damage to the czech republic .
she said that the government 's resignation in the time was negative phenomena , нанесшим mightily damage to the czech republic .
she said that the resignation of the government at the time was negative , нанесшим considerable damage to the czech republic .
she said that the government 's resignation at the time was a negative phenomenon , нанесшим to damage the czech republic .
she said that the government 's resignation in the time was negative phenomenon , нанесшим significant damages czech republic .
as the ambassador said , and the presidency and the subsequent financial crisis have caused continuing currently ferment .
as ambassador , and the presidency said , and the subsequent financial crisis have caused ongoing currently ferment .
as she said , and the presidency , and the subsequent financial crisis caused continuing is currently fermentation .
as ambassador , and the presidency said , and the subsequent financial crisis have triggered a continuing in the currently ferment .
as she said , and the presidency , and the subsequent financial crisis have continuing nowadays is fermentation .
as the ambassador said , and the presidency , and subsequent financial crisis have continued presently fermentation .
will the budget lean and efficient , what areas will give preference ; which countries get more support , which less ; all of these questions " in the program .
will the budget lean and efficient , what areas will give preference ; which countries will get more support , but less ; all those questions , in the program .
will the budget lean and efficient , what areas give preference ; which countries get more support , and what less ; all these questions - in the program .
will the budget lean and efficient , what areas will give preference ; which country will get more support , but less ; all these questions is in the program .
will the budget lean and efficient , what areas will give preference ; which countries will receive more support , and less ; all these questions - in the program .
will the budget frugal and efficient , what areas will give preference ; which countries will receive more support , and less ; all of these questions - in the program .
" i did n't really like reducing , foreign words , and jargon , which nobody understands .
" i really do not like reducing , foreign words and jargon , which nobody understands .
i really do n't like reduction , " foreign words and jargon that nobody knows .
" i did n't really like cut , foreign words and jargon which nobody understands .
" i really do n't like reduction , the foreign words and jargon , which nobody knows .
" i really do not like reducing , foreign words and jargon , which nobody understands .
she is also preparing to better use surroundings of the eu and attract more czechs in european organization .
it also intends to efficiently use the setting of the eu and attract more czechs in european organization .
she also is going to more effectively use setting eu and attract more czechs in the european organisation .
it also intends to use more efficiently surroundings of the eu and to bring more czechs in the european organization .
she is also preparing to better use setting eu and attract more czechs in the european institutions .
it also is going to more efficiently use the setting of the eu and attract more czechs in europe 's organization .
ambassador says that czechs consider euro - skeptics ; as well as people , отмечающими more negative , rather than the positive side of things .
ambassador says that czechs think euro - skeptics ; as well as people , отмечающими rather negative , and not the positive side of things .
ambassador asserts that czechs believe euro - skeptics ; as well as people отмечающими negative , rather than positive side of things .
ambassador argues that the czechs believe euro - skeptics ; as well as people отмечающими likely negative , and not positive side of things .
ambassador argues that the czechs think that euro - skeptics ; as well as people отмечающими negative , rather than on the positive things .
ambassador says that czechs think euro - skeptics ; as well as people отмечающими rather negative and not the positive side of things .
she believes that , in blame several factors : modesty , for example , our candidates and their inability to write motivational emails ; simultaneously with little support from the czech side .
she believes that this blame several factors : for instance , modesty our candidates and their inability to write motivational letter ; simultaneously with little support from the czech side .
she believes that this blame several factors : humility , for instance , our candidates and their inability to write motivational letters ; at the same time with little support from the czech side .
she believes that the blame several factors : humility , for example , our candidates and their inability to write motivational letters ; simultaneously , with little support from the czech side .
she believes that in the blame several factors : for example , modesty our candidates and their inability to write the motivational emails ; simultaneously with little support from the czech side .
she believes that this blame several factors : humility , for example , our candidates and their inability to write motivational letters ; simultaneously , with little support from the czech .
" believe , that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , the frenchman next to me says : " hey , what about the meeting , once again visegrad group ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
" believe that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , a frenchman next to me says : " hey , what about the meeting , and again the visegrad group ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
" believe me , that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , frenchman beside me said : " hey , what about the meeting , visegrad group again ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
" believe me that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , next to me , a frenchman says : " hey , what about the meeting , again , visegrad group ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
" believe that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , a frenchman next to me says : " hey , what about the meeting , and again the visegrad group ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
" believe me , that when i meet someone from poland and hungary , and the slovak , frenchman next to me says : " hey , what about the meeting , again the visegrad group ? ' and he drops not happy about it . '
compared to a new european federation she believes the two speed , if not multispeed europe more and more realistic .
compared with a new european federation she said the idea of two speed , if not , multispeed europe more realistic .
compared with a new european federation she believes the idea of two speed , if not многоскоростной europe more realistic .
compared to a new european federation , she finds the idea of two speed , if not the multispeed europe more realistic .
compared with the new european federation she finds the idea two speed , if not a multispeed europe more realistic .
compared to a new european federation it believes the idea two speed , if not a multispeed europe more realistic .
" we have there is a zone schengen area , and we already have the institute of enhanced cooperation . "
" we had the schengen zone , and we already have intensified cooperation institute . "
" we have our schengen zone , and we already have the enhanced cooperation ' .
" we have the schengen zone , and we already have the enhanced cooperation . "
schengen zone " we have and we already have institute for enhanced cooperation " .
" we 've got schengen zone , and we already have institute enhanced cooperation ' .
" the number of such institutions will grow ; it is truly two - speed europe , expects виценова . "
" the number of such institutions will rise ; this will be a real two - speed europe " , expects виценова .
" the number of such institutions will continue to grow ; it will truly two - speed europe " expects виценова .
" the number of such establishments will grow ; this will truly two - speed europe " , expects a виценова .
" the number of such establishments will grow ; it would be truly two - speed europe " , expects a виценова .
" the number of these institutions will increase ; it will be a real two - speed europe " , expects виценова .
if someone wants to find word that best expresses strategy imb closest , is likely to be " enduring " .
if someone wants to find word that best expresses strategy imb , the closest is likely to be a " enduring " .
if someone wants to find a word , that best expresses imb strategy , the closest , likely will be the " enduring . "
if someone wants to find the word that best expresses a strategy , the imb the closest is likely to be " enduring " .
if someone wants to find the word , that best expresses the imb strategy , the closest , is likely to be " enduring . "
if someone wants to find the word that best expresses the imb , the closest strategy , will likely be " enduring " .
the durability of company founded her first boss мечтателем thomas j. watson , senior .
longevity , the company was founded by her first boss мечтателем thomas j. watson , a senior .
durability of the company was in her first boss , thomas j. watson мечтателем - elder .
shoe company was founded by its first boss , мечтателем thomas j. watson - senior .
durability of the company was founded by her first boss , мечтателем thomas j. watson senior .
durability of the company was founded by her first boss - мечтателем as thomas j. watson senior .
his slogan " think ! " thus became stamp , around which life 's giant ( as well as the title of his internal magazine , which imb began to publish in 1935 ) .
his slogan " think ! " thus has become a stamp , around which life future giant ( as well as title of his internal magazine , which imb began publishing in 1935 ) .
his slogan " think ! " in this way has become a stamp , around which life future giant ( as well as the title of his domestic magazine , which the imb began publishing in 1935 .
his slogan " think so ! " has become a stamp , around which life of the future of the giant ( and title of his domestic magazine , imb began publishing in 1935 ) .
its slogan " think so ! " a stamp , around which life future giant ( as well as the title of his internal magazine , which the imb began publishing in 1935 ) .
his slogan " think so ! " has become a stamp , around which life future giant ( and called its domestic magazine , which imb began publishing in 1935 ) .
" for us , ibm , the long - term thinking means that a steady movement to the future .
" for us in ibm 's , the long - term thinking means continually movement toward the future .
" for us , and ibm , long - term thinking means constant movement to future .
" for us at ibm , the long - term thinking means constant motion to future .
" for us to ibm , long - term thinking means constant traffic to the future .
" in ibm 's long - term thinking means for us permanent move to the future .
for our first one hundred years this allowed us to , business and technology the company .
for our first hundred years , this has enabled us to transform the technology that business and the company .
for our first hundred years of this has enabled us to technology , business and company .
for our first hundred years ago this has enabled us to transform technology , business , and company .
over our first hundred years this has enabled us to transform the technology , business , and the company .
for our first hundred years that has enabled us to , business and technology company .
consistent with an anti - discriminatory strategy and the current plan , in accordance with that woman , virginia рометти will succeed palmisano in next year .
is consistent with the anti - discriminatory strategy and the current plan , in accordance with whom a woman , virginia рометти , will succeed palmisano in the next year .
consistent with anti - discriminatory strategy and the current plan , in accordance with the woman , virginia рометти , will succeed palmisano in the next year .
with anti - discriminatory policy and the current plan , in accordance with that woman , virginia рометти , will succeed palmisano in next year .
consistent with the anti - discriminatory policy and current plan , in accordance with which a woman , virginia рометти , will succeed palmisano in the next year .
is consistent with the anti - discriminatory strategy and the current plan , in accordance with the woman , virginia рометти , will replace палмизано next year .
during the past few years , ibm , the meetings online brainstorm , during which many of the future innovations .
ibm in the last few years the meetings , online brainstorm , during which there are many future innovation .
ibm in the last several years the meetings , online to brainstorm , during which there are many future innovation .
ibm the last few years meeting online , brainstorm , during which raises many future innovation .
last few years , ibm , the online brain storming , which are many of the future innovation .
past few years , ibm the meeting , an online brainstorm , during which there are many of the future innovation .
" from the outset , in terms of concept ibm rather was an organization , not the technology company , " said economist at harvard business school professor and author of the ibm розабет moss кантер .
" from the outset , in terms of concept ibm was an organization , rather than technology company , " said economist at harvard business school professor and author of books about ibm розабет moss кантер .
" from the outset , with the concept of ibm was an organization , rather than technology company , " said economist harvard business school professor and author of books about ibm розабет moss кантер .
" from the very beginning , in terms of concept , ibm was an organization , rather than the technology company , " said economist at harvard business school professor and author of books about ibm розабет moss кантер .
" from the outset , from the perspective of the concept of the ibm was an organization , rather than technology company , " said economist at harvard business school professor and author of the ibm розабет moss кантер .
" from the start , from the perspective of the concept , ibm was an organization , rather than technology company , " said economist at harvard business school professor and author of books about ibm розабет moss кантер .
as spoken in the company , there 's a difference between going out on the market and create it .
as they say in the company itself , there is the difference between to get out on the market and develop it .
as they say in the company itself , there is difference between , to market and create him .
" as we say in the company , there is a difference between the , to enter the market and build it .
as they say in the company itself , there is a difference in the meantime , to enter the market and create it .
as they say in the company , there is the difference between going out on the market and create it .
it seems that this is the most universal technology company , of hardware and software ; infrastructure ; hosting and consulting services - from servers up to nanotechnologies .
it seems that it is the most universal technological company of hardware and software ; infrastructure ; hosting and consulting services , from servers to nanotechnology .
it seems that this is the most universal technological of hardware and software ; company infrastructure ; hosting and consulting services from the servers to nanotechnology .
it seems that it is the most universal technological of hardware and software company ; infrastructure ; hosting and consulting services - from servers to nanotechnologies .
it seems that it is the most universal technology of infrastructure hardware and software ; company ; hosting and consulting services - from servers to nanotechnology .
it seems that it is the most universal technology company - electric hardware and software ; infrastructure ; hosting and consulting services , from servers to nanotechnology .
her invention , include , for example , an atm , banking , a financial transaction card barcode and floppy disk .
its inventions include the cash , for example , banking card , a financial transaction , bar - code and floppy .
it inventions include the , for example , atm card , banking , financial transaction , a barcode and floppy .
its inventions include , for example , the atm card , banking , financial swap , bar code and disk .
its inventions include , for example , atm banking , a financial transaction card , barcode and floppy disk .
its inventions include , for example , atm , banking , financial transaction card barcode and floppy .
" if your small business is movement forward emotionally , you ca n't be tied to the past , ' " says samuel j. palmisano .
" if your business determined by movement forward , you ca n't be emotionally tied to the past , ' " said samuel j. palmisano .
" if your business is moving forward , you may not be emotionally tied to the past " , " said samuel j. palmisano .
" if your business is movement forward , you ca n't emotionally be tied to the past , ' he says samuel j. palmisano .
" if your business is determined by the traffic ahead , you 're not emotionally to be tied to the past , ' " says samuel j. palmisano .
" if your business by movement forward , you may not be emotionally tied to the past , ' samuel j. palmisano says .
it is different , for example , its rival microsoft , which is based on , and is on the windows , your operating system .
it is different , for instance , its rival microsoft , which is based and is to fall on the windows , its operating system .
it is , for example , from its rival microsoft , which is based and is experiencing a fall on the windows of its operating system .
this it differs , for example , its rival microsoft , which is based , and is falling on the windows , its operating system .
it is , for instance , from its competitor microsoft , which is based and is on the windows , its operating system .
it differs from its competitor , for instance , microsoft , which is based , and is on the windows , their operating system .
ibm main income from services , approximately one - fifth in each case , comes from computer software and hardware .
basic income ibm receive from the services , approximately one - fifth in each case from computer software and hardware .
core ibm receives revenues from services , about one - fifth in every case from computer software and hardware .
basic income ibm gets from services , about one fifth in each case comes from computer programs and hardware .
major ibm gets revenues from services , about a fifth in each case comes from the computer programs and hardware .
ibm 's main income from services , about one in five in each case come from computer programs and hardware .
since 2000 , ibm sold низкоприбыльные assets worth $ 15 billion . at the same time , she has 58 billion purchase of advanced technology .
since 2000 , ibm has sold низкоприбыльные assets worth $ 15 billion in the same time it has invested $ 58 billion in buying technologies .
since 2000 , ibm sold низкоприбыльные assets amounting to $ 15 billion in the same time she invested $ 58 billion buying technologies .
since 2000 ibm sold низкоприбыльные assets amounting to $ 15 billion in the same time she invested $ 58 billion in the purchase of advanced technology .
since 2000 ibm sold низкоприбыльные assets valued at $ 15 billion . the same time , it has invested $ 58 billion in buying technologies .
since 2000 , the ibm sold низкоприбыльные assets valued at $ 15 billion in the same time she invested $ 58 billion purchase of advanced technologies .
ibm following the example of its first director , thomas j. watson , who has increased the number of investments in years , the great depression .
ibm following the example of the first director , thomas j. watson , which increased the number of investment in the years of the great depression .
ibm follows the example of his first director , thomas j. watson , who has increased the number of investments in years of the great depression .
ibm following the example of its first director , thomas j. watson , which has the number of investment during the great depression .
ibm following the example his first director , thomas j. watson , which has increased the number of investment in the great depression .
ibm to follow of its first director , thomas j. watson , which has increased investment in the great depression .
since early 2008 the price of shares of ibm grew at a record 120 percent ; net income of the company was steadily increasing .
since the start of 2008 , the price of shares of ibm rose record 120 percent ; net income of the company grew up constantly .
since the start of 2008 , the price of shares of ibm rose record 120 percent ; net income companies are constantly growing up .
since the beginning of 2008 , the price of shares of ibm 's grew at a record 120 per cent ; net income companies constantly grew up .
since the start of 2008 , the price of shares of ibm grew up on the record 120 % ; net income companies are constantly growing up .
since the beginning of 2008 the price of shares of ibm rose record 120 % ; net income companies constantly grew up .
so that you can expect that even if another crisis erupts , this flexible a giant deal with the situation .
so , we can expect even if another crisis erupts , this flexible giant copes with the current situation .
so you can expect to see , even if another crisis erupts , flexible a giant deal with the situation .
therefore , we can expect that even if another crisis , this a flexible giant erupts handle the situation .
so can be expected that even if another crisis erupts , this flexible giant overcome the situation .
so you can expect even if another crisis erupts , the flexible giant cope with the situation .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york city for a hundred years ago . its original name " computation , tab , record , " was quite difficult .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york - a hundred years ago . its original name " computing , tab , record , " it was quite difficult .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york a hundred years ago . its original name of the " corporation calculation , tabs , recording , " was quite difficult .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york one hundred years ago . its original name " corporation calculations , tab , record , " was quite difficult .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york a hundred years ago . its original name " the corporation , tabs , recording , " was pretty difficult .
international business machines ( ibm ) was founded in new york a hundred years ago . its original name " computing , tabs , recording , " it was pretty difficult .
future ibm of foundations were laid fusion four companies , which begins in the 1880 's story .
future ibm foundations were laid merger four companies , the story which begins in 1880 's - .
future ibm of foundations were laid mergers four companies , which starts in the 1880 's - history .
future ibm 's foundations were laid by merger history four companies , which begins the 1880 's .
future ibm of foundations were laid mergers four companies , which starts in the 1880 's - history .
ibm 's future foundations were laid merger four companies , which starts in the 1880 's history .
architect of the new companies was businessman charles ранлет flint , that until 1930 also headed the company 's board of trustees .
architect of the new company was businessman charles ранлет flint , which until 1930 also led the company 's board of trustees .
architect of the new company the businessman charles ранлет flint , who up until 1930 and led the company 's board of trustees .
architect of the new company was businessman charles ранлет flint , who prior to 1930 , also was headed by the company 's board of trustees .
architect of the company 's new was the businessman charles ранлет flint , who up until the 1930s , also led the company 's board of trustees .
architect of the new company was a charles ранлет flint , which prior to 1930 also led the company 's board of trustees .
then head of the founder of ibm in shadow of a - ideas watson remained the basis of secure corporate culture and identity .
and then head of the founder of ibm 's shadow - ideas watson remains the basis of unchanged corporate culture and identity .
then head of the founder of ibm in the shadow of the ideas watson remain the unchanged corporate culture and identity .
then head of the founder ibm in shadow - ideas watson are the basis of secure corporate culture and identity .
then head of the founder of ibm watson remain in shadow - ideas basis unchanged corporate culture and identity .
then head of the founder of ibm in shadow - ideas watson remains the basis secure corporate culture and identity .
ibm , as it is clear from the name , beginning with production and sales of equipment for businesses - from cheese knives and мясорезок before cash machines .
ibm , as clear of the names beginning with the production and sales of equipment for businesses -- from cheese knives and мясорезок to pos devices .
ibm , as it is clear from the name , beginning with the production and sales of equipment for businesses - from cheese to knives and мясорезок cash machines .
ibm , as it is clear the name suggests , beginning with the production and sale of equipment for business - from cheese knives and мясорезок to cash devices .
ibm , as it is clear from the name , started with production and sale of equipment for business - from cheese knives and мясорезок to phones .
ibm , as it is clear from the name , beginning with the production and sale of equipment for business - from cheese knives and мясорезок phones to cash .
watson became so important to companies that almost 40 years later , his place in the armchair director , took his son , thomas watson junior .
dr watson has become so important for the company , that almost 40 years later , his place in the chair director took his son , thomas watson jr. .
watson has become so important for the company that almost 40 years later , his place in the armchair director took his son , thomas watson jr. .
watson was so important for the company , that almost 40 years later , his place in the seat director took his son , thomas watson jr. .
watson became so important for the company that nearly 40 years later , his place in the seat director took his son , thomas watson jr. .
watson has become so important for companies that nearly forty years later his place in the chair took his son , thomas watson jr. director .
in the 1960s , both staff and ibm helped nasa computers to control the space flights on the mercury , saturn , and the flight of a human on the moon in 1969 .
in the 1960s , both employees and ibm have helped nasa computers control space flights of mercury , saturn , and flying men on the moon in 1969 .
in the 1960s , both staff and ibm helped nasa computers control space flights of mercury , saturn , and the flight of a human on the moon in 1969 .
in the 1960s , both employees and ibm helped nasa computers to control space flights on the mercury , saturn , and flying people on the moon in 1969 .
in the 1960s , both staff and computers ibm helped control space flights - mercury , saturn , nasa and the flight of a human on the moon in 1969 .
in the 1960s , both staff and ibm helped nasa computers control space flights - mercury , saturn , and in 1969 - flying people on the moon .
the classic pc who defined computer standards of the time , called the ibm 5150 , appeared on the market in 1981 .
classic pcs , which the computer standards of the time , called the ibm 5150 , appeared on the market in the 1981 .
classic pc computer , which the standards at that time , called the ibm 5150 , appeared on the market in 1981 .
classic pc , that defined computer standards of the time , under the name of the ibm 5150 , appeared in the market in 1981 .
classic pc computer , which defined standards , at that time , called the ibm 5150 appeared on the market in 1981 .
classic pcs , which the computer standards of the time , called the ibm 5150 , appeared on the market in the 1981 .
in the past three years , the ibm has achieved great strides with its concept smarter planet .
during the past three years , ibm has made great strides with its smarter planet concept .
over the past three year ibm 's has achieved great success with their concept of the smarter planet .
over the last three years , ibm has made great strides his concept in smarter planet .
ibm in the last three years , has made big strides with his vision of a smarter planet .
over the past three years ibm has made great strides with their concept smarter planet .
ibm in the areas of commerce recently introduced platform smarter commerce , which helps businessmen to control the trade cycle .
in the field of commerce , ibm smarter commerce recently introduced platform that helps businessmen to control the trade cycle .
ibm in the sphere of commerce recently presented its smarter commerce platform , which helps businessmen control all the trade cycle .
in the field of commerce ibm smarter commerce platform , has recently been presented that helps allege control the trade cycle .
ibm recently introduced the platform smarter commerce in the field of commerce , which helps business control the trade cycle .
in commerce ibm smarter commerce , recently introduced platform that helps businessmen to the trade cycle .
in former czechoslovakia as the first country , which both in the central and eastern europe , ibm , funded his office in 1932 .
in the former czechoslovakia , like the first country , which simultaneously in central and eastern europe , ibm funded their separation in 1932 .
in former czechoslovakia , as the first country which at the same time central and eastern europe , ibm funded his office in 1932 .
in former czechoslovakia , as the country , which at the same time , in central and eastern europe , ibm funded their branch office in 1932 .
in former czechoslovakia , as the first country , which at the same time , central and eastern europe , ibm funded its department in 1932 .
in the former czechoslovakia , as the first country , which at the same time , in central and eastern europe , ibm 's funded its branch in 1932 .
headquarters in central and eastern europe is located in prague , where is research group , the class speech .
headquarters of central and eastern europe and located in prague , where is also research group , the global level .
headquarters in central and eastern europe and in prague , where it is also running research group , the world level .
headquarters central and eastern europe in prague , where it is also operates research group , the world - class speech .
headquarters in central and eastern europe in prague , which also is research group , the world level .
headquarters central and eastern europe in prague , where it is also works research group , распознаванием speech class .
ивета , leave their fool , me he was no longer needed !
ивета , leave a giddy , he no longer need ! "
raimonds , leave a fool , to me , he 's no longer need .
ивета leave herself fool , me he 's no longer needed !
ивета , leave self fool , he 's no longer need .
ивета that leave themselves a fool , he no longer needed me .
after her husband joseph рихтарж ( 53 ) became a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) , дарина still had hoped that he woke and will come back home .
after her husband joseph рихтарж ( 53 ) has become a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) дарина he still hoped that woke and return home .
after her husband joseph рихтарж ( 53 ) became a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) , дарина still hoping that he woke , and come back home .
after her husband josef рихтарж ( 53 ) has become a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) , дарина is still hoped that he woke and will return home .
after her husband , josef рихтарж ( 53 ) became a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) that дарина still hoped that he woke and return home .
after her husband josef рихтарж ( 53 ) , became a bodyguard and lover иветы бартошовой ( 45 ) , дарина still hoping that he woke and will return home .
" пепа might return home , but not my partner " , as explained рихтаржова .
' пепа could return home , but not like my partner , " рихтаржова explained .
" пепа may be back home , but not as my partner " explained рихтаржова .
" пепа may to go home , but already not as my partner , " explained рихтаржова .
" пепа may return home , but did not like my partner , " explained to рихтаржова .
" пепа may be back home , but not as my partner with , " explained рихтаржова .
and although she made ивету leave ржичан 30 days later , пепа has not left the singer .
and although she made ивету leave ржичан after 30 days , пепа has not left the singer .
and although it has made ивету leaving ржичан 30 days later , пепа has not left the singer .
and while she has made ивету to leave the ржичан after 30 days , пепа left no singer .
and although she made ивету leave 30 days , пепа later ржичан did n't leave the singer .
and although she made ивету to leave ржичан after 30 days , not пепа left the singer .
through time дарина surrendered , pretend that resigned itself to her husband 's novel ; and now finally простилась with him .
through some time дарина surrendered , making the kind that accepted her husband 's novel ; and now finally простилась with them .
after a while , дарина surrendered by pretending that resigned itself to her husband ; and now has простилась novel with him .
after some time дарина surrendered , pretending that resigned itself to her husband 's ; and now finally простилась novel with him .
after a while дарина unreconciled surrendered , pretend that the novel husband ; and now finally простилась with him .
through time дарина surrendered , making the kind that resigned to her husband ; and now a простилась novel with him .
even if the ever рихтарж and бартошова расстанутся , his wife would not his with open arms .
even if someday рихтарж and бартошова расстанутся , his wife do not accept it with open arms .
even if some time рихтарж and бартошова расстанутся , his wife do not accept it with open arms .
even if the ever рихтарж and бартошова расстанутся , his wife , does n't take him with open arms .
even if the someday рихтарж and бартошова расстанутся that his wife will not accept him with open arms .
and even if someday рихтарж бартошова расстанутся , his wife , will not accept him with open arms .
" but he does n't end their days as my favorite , lost and found the old fool , and people , with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has gained from her husband and insists on only mutual delicacies .
" but he will end their days as my favorite , lost and found an old fool , but the man , with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has already given up her husband and insists that only mutual delicacies .
" but he does n't end their days as my favorite , lost and found the old fool , and people with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has already been given from her husband and insists that only mutual delicacies .
" however , he will end their days do n't like my favorite , lost and found the old fool , and the person , with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has already gained from her husband and insists that only mutual delicacies .
" but he will end their days as my favorite , lost and found the old fool , and the man , with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has already gained from her husband and insists only on a mutual delicacies .
" however , he will end their days as my favorite , lost and found the old fool , and people with whom i had something together , " рихтаржова said , adding that she has already unencumbered by the husband and insists that only mutual delicacies .
" my wife has decided to leave the marriage at the paper and i respect that decision . '
" my wife decided to leave the marriage at the paper , and i respect that decision . '
" my wife decided the marriage for paper , and i respect this decision . "
" my wife decided to keep marriage on paper , and i respect this decision . "
' my wife has decided to leave marriage on paper , and i respect the decision is " .
" my wife decided to leave a marriage on paper , and i have respect this decision is . "
" дарина and i communicate perfectly normal , we no longer share to bed , " said рихтарж journal blesk .
" дарина and i have totally normal , only we no longer share a bed , " said рихтарж this magazine blesk .
" дарина and i communicate perfectly normal , we no longer share a bed , " said рихтарж magazine blesk .
" дарина i communicate perfectly normal , but we do n't share the bed , " рихтарж blesk magazine said .
" дарина and i communicate perfectly normal , we no longer share a bed , " said рихтарж magazine blesk .
" дарина and i communicate perfectly normal , only no longer do we share the bed , " says рихтарж magazine blesk .
" we do not sleep together , and i do n't care where it walks , with whom and whether there is her buddy .
" we did n't sleep together and i do n't care where it goes , whom and whether her friend .
" we do not sleep together , i do n't care where it goes , with whom and whether she had a mate .
" we do n't sleep together , and i do n't care where she walks , with whom and whether there is a friend .
" we do n't sleep together , and i do n't care where it walks , with anyone and whether she had a friend .
" we did n't sleep together , and i do n't care , where it walks , with whom and whether her cousin .
dear ladies , you find yourself in the following lines , describing the few women habits that make men angry ?
dear ladies , you know yourself the following lines , describing a few female habits that can make men get angry ?
dear ladies , you 'll find myself in the following lines , describing few female habits that make men angry ?
dear ladies , you 'll learn himself in the following lines , describing a number of female habits that make men get angry ?
dear ladies , you 'll find myself in the following lines , describing a few female habits that make men angry ?
dear ladies , you 'll find yourself in the next lines , describing several female habits that make men get mad ?
some women recognize that they have as something to control your passion for шоппингу .
certain women admit that they need somehow to control their passion шоппингу .
some women admit that they need something to control her passion шоппингу .
some women , admit that they must somehow control my passion for шоппингу .
some of the women recognize that they need somehow control his passion for шоппингу .
some women acknowledge that they need to somehow control his passion for the шоппингу .
can , shopping and is a hobby for most women , but for men , this could be a hellhole . "
may , shopping and is a hobby for majority of women , but men it can be a hellhole .
, shopping and is a hobby for the majority of women can , but for men it can be a hellhole .
can , shopping and is a hobby for majority of the women , but for men it can be a hellhole .
can , shopping and hobby for most women , but for the men this could be a hellhole .
perhaps , shopping and a hobby for the majority of women , but for the men this could be a hellhole .
" i needed to lose , at least five kilogram - may , i start to do gymnastics ?
" i have to lose at least five kilograms - may , i begin to do gymnastics ? "
" i have to lose at least five pounds , can , i start doing gymnastics ? "
" as i have to lose at least five kilograms - may , i start to do gymnastics ? "
" i need to lose at least five kilograms - can , me start to gymnastics ? "
" i needed to lose as at least five kilogram may be , i begin to do gymnastics ? "
then you will enter a group of women , at its appearance .
then you will enter in women 's group , on his appearance .
then you go in a group of women , on the appearance .
then you enter the women , on my outer form .
then you enter in the group women , on its outside .
then you member of the group of women , on its outside .
a strong paul also agrees that the more such complaints , the more women they are annoying .
a strong , paul also agrees that the more such complaints , the more women are their annoying .
a strong floor also agree that more such complaints arise , the more women their own annoying .
a strong paul also agree with the fact that more such complaints arise , the more woman their annoying .
strong floor also agrees that there are more complaints , the more women and annoying .
a strong paul also agree that more such complaints arise , the longer women their annoying .
you criticize your partner for what he comes to clean tile in dirty boots ; children for the dirt in the net sink and fingerprints on window glass in the living room , which was so hard , clean ?
you criticize your partner for what it comes to clean tile in the dirty boots ; the children of dirt in the net sink and fingerprints on the window glass in the living room , which was so hard to clean ?
you criticize your partner for what he comes on the net tile in the dirty boots ; children in the dirt clean sink and fingerprints on the window glass in the living room that was so difficult clean ?
you criticize your partner , because he comes to clean tile in dirty boots ; children in the dirt clean sink and fingerprints on the window glass in the living room , which has been so hard to clean ?
you criticize your partner for what he is a clean tile in the dirty boots ; children for the dirt in the clean sink and fingerprints on window glass in the living room , which was so difficult to clean ?
you criticize your partner for what it comes to clean tile in dirty boots ; children in the mud clean sink and fingerprints at the window glass in the living room , which has been so difficult clean ?
inoffensive the desire for purity can threaten your relations , as well as the entire family .
harmless pursuit of purity could threaten your relations , as well as entire family .
inoffensive the quest for purity may threaten your relationship , as well as of the entire family .
inoffensive pursuit of cleanliness can threaten your relationship , and also the family .
bland striving for purity may threaten your relationship , as well as throughout family .
inoffensive to purity may threaten your relationship , and the family .
' wet towels to cooking utensils should not be on the floor of . "
" wet towel to utensils should not lie on the floor . "
" wet towel for pans should not be on the floor , " .
of wet towels for utensils do not need to lie on the semi . "
' wet towels to dishes must not be on the ground . "
" wet towels for dishes must not be on the floor . "
of course , have you good intentions , you just want to keep the perfectly .
of course you have a good intention , you just want to , to everything was perfect .
, of course , you have good intentions , you want , so everything was perfect .
of course , you have good intentions , you just want , so that all was ideal .
of course , you have good intention , you just want so that all was perfect .
of course you have good intentions that you just want to , to all was perfect .
women focus on relations , so they like to discuss who where , with whom , and why .
women are focused on relationships , that 's why they love to talk about who and where , with whom , why and how .
women focused on relationships , why they love to discuss the who , which , with whom , how and why .
women focused on relationship , which is why they love to discuss those where , with whom , how and why .
women are on the relationship between , so they love about who and where , with whom , how and why .
women are focused on the relationship , so they like to discuss the who and where , with whom , and why .
in both cases , claude lean used experience тридцатидевятилетней stars ; he added another transfer and was declared the best player of the match .
in both cases , claude lean used experience тридцатидевятилетней star ; he added yet another transfer and was declared best player in a match .
in both cases lean claude used тридцатидевятилетней star experience ; he added another transfer and was declared best player of the match .
in both instances , claude lean used experience тридцатидевятилетней stars ; he added another transfer and was declared best match player .
in both cases , claude lean used тридцатидевятилетней experience star ; he added another transfer and was declared best match player .
in both cases , claude lean used the experience тридцатидевятилетней star ; he added one more transfer and was best player of the match .
after the game jagr lean said foreign reporters , that he predicted a great evening .
after the game jagr lean said foreign reporters that he predicted a night .
after the game lean jagr said foreign journalists , that he predicted a great night .
after the match , jagr said foreign reporters lean that he had predicted a magnificent evening .
after the game lean jagr said foreign journalists , that it had predicted a great evening .
after the match jagr " said foreign journalists , lean that he had predicted a wonderful evening .
a little later that the second goal of the team also had " czech trace . "
a little bit later , the second goal of the team also had " czech scent . "
later the second goal czech team also had " the trail " .
a bit later on the second goal of the team also had " czech mark " .
slightly later , a second goal of the team also had a " czech footprint . "
a little later czech second goal the team also had " track . "
one second before the first hiatus home player patrick двайер narrowed the gap with the certainty of , but at the beginning of the second half led флайерс again .
one second before the first home player patrick break двайер has narrowed the gap while shorthanded advantage , but early in the second half led флайерс again .
for a second before the break home player patrick двайер narrowed the gap with shorthanded advantage , but early in the second half was taken флайерс again .
for a second before the first break home player patrick двайер reduced gap with shorthanded advantage , but at the beginning of the second half led флайерс again .
for the second before the first break home player patrick двайер reduced the gap with the certainty of , but early in the second half led флайерс down again .
a second before the first break home player patrick двайер narrowed the gap with the certainty of again , but the early in the second half led флайерс .
after the effective delivery of jagr , he scored the third goal ; in the further blow was transformed into a fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
after effective application jagr he scored the third goal ; in the further attack was transformed into the fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
after the effective application jagr he scored the third goal ; in future his strike was transformed into the fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
after the effective for jagr he scored the third goal ; in the further strike was transformed into the fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
after the effective power jagr he scored the third goal ; in the further his strike was transformed into the fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
after he scored the third goal ; effective for jagr in the future his strike was reorganized into a fourth goal wayne симмондсом .
" i do n't want to say , that he is the best player of the league , but he is part of the three best exactly , " jagr said , praising her центрового .
" i do n't want to say that he is the best league player , but it is one of three best , " said jagr , praising her центрового .
" i do n't want to say that he the best player of the league , but it is one of three best , " jagr said , praising his центрового . "
" i do n't want to say that he had the best player in the top league , but it is the best , " jagr said , praising your центрового .
" i do n't want to say that he is the best player of the league , but just as if he is in the three best , " said jagr , praising your центрового .
" i do not want to say that he 's the best player of the league , but he is one of three best exactly , " jagr said , praising their центрового .
" all these years in the nhl 's my teammates , tried to help me , and now it 's my turn , " jagr added .
" all these years , in the nhl and my teammates tried to help me , now it 's my turn , " jagr added .
" all these years in the nhl 's my teammates , tried to help me , and now it 's my turn , " jagr added .
" all these years in the nhl my teammates tried to assist me , and now it 's my part , " jagr added .
" all these years my teammates have tried to help me in the nhl , and it 's my turn now , " added jagr .
" all those years of the nhl , my teammates trying to help me , and now it 's my turn , " jagr added .
further complications the matt reid , who raised the gap up to two points .
subsequent complications prevented matt reed , who increased gap before the two points .
further complications prevented matt reed , that increased the gap to of the two points .
further complications prevented matt reid , that has increased gap of up to two points .
further complications prevented matt reid , has increased the the gap up to two points .
further complications of prevent matt reed , that has increased the gap down to two points .
" he hit шайбе that i accelerated , and reed moved on the far edge . "
" he 's hit шайбе reed , i accelerated , and moved to the region " .
" it struck шайбе , i accelerated , and reed went on the far end . "
" he hit шайбе , accelerated , and reed was on the edge . "
" it hit шайбе , i accelerated , and the reed switched to the region . "
" he has hit шайбе reed , i accelerated , and moved to the land " .
victory передвинула philadelphia first place at the eastern conference .
передвинула philadelphia the the first in a place in the eastern conference victory .
передвинула victory philadelphia , the first place is in the eastern conference .
winning передвинула philadelphia to the first a place in the eastern conference .
передвинула philadelphia win for the first place in the the eastern conference .
winning передвинула philadelphia , the first place in eastern conference .
together with the experienced defender of the canadiens have lost their двухочковое the advantage and lost the 2:3 after series of penalties .
together with experienced defender canadiens have lost their двухочковое advantage , and lost 2:3 after a series of penalty .
together with the experienced defender canadiens have lost their двухочковое advantage and lost the 2:3 after a series of the penalty .
together with the experienced defender of the canadiens lost their двухочковое advantage and lost 2:3 after a penalty .
together with an experienced defender canadiens have lost their двухочковое advantage and lost 2:3 after a series of penalty shoot - outs .
with an experienced defender of the canadiens have lost their двухочковое advantage and lost 2:3 after a series of penalties .
more than lost sunglasses , a trainer was disappointed a lot of injuries in the back row because the match ended with only five defenders .
more than a lost sunglasses , a home trainer was disappointed a large number of injuries in the back row , because the match ended with just five defenders .
more than lost sunglasses , home coach was a lot of injuries in the back row , as the match ended all with five defenders .
more than lost sunglasses , home coach was sad a lot of injuries in the back row , as the match ended with only five defenders .
home coach was more than lost sunglasses , a number of injuries in the back row , as the match ended with just five defenders .
more than lost glasses , a home coach was disappointed a large number of injuries in the back row , since the match ended with just five defenders .
" we have finished the match with just one experienced player , and the rest were the young people . "
" we finished the match with just one an experienced player , and the rest were young people " .
" we have finished the match only one experienced player , the others were young people " .
we finished the match with only one experienced player , " the rest were young people . "
" we finished a match with just one an experienced player , the others were young men . "
" we finished the match with just one an experienced player , the others were by young men . "
the replacement for the replacement , it was amazing we could not resist . "
replacement for a substitute for , " it was amazing and we could n't resist the . "
" swapping for a substitute for , it was amazing and we were unable to resist it . "
" replacement of the substitute , it was amazing and we could resist . "
" swap for a substitute for , it was amazing and we could not afford to resist . "
" change for substitute for , it was strikingly and we could n't resist . "
" what was our weak side , " added quarterback j.p. c. суббан
" that it was our weak - side , " defender of j.p. added skilling суббан
" what there was our weak - side , " added the j.p. c. суббан
" that was our the weak side " , added the advocate j.p. c. суббан
" that was our mild side , " added j.p. c. суббан defender
" that was our a weak party , " j.p. defender c. суббан added
голы jets , which had пятиматчевую series defeats , had been shot five different players .
goals jets that ceased пятиматчевую series of defeats , was shot five different players .
passes jets , which had пятиматчевую series defeats , were full of five different players .
goals джетс , who interrupted пятиматчевую series of defeats , were five different players .
goals jets , who had пятиматчевую a series of defeats , were stuffed five different players .
goals jets , that had пятиматчевую a series of defeats , had been stuffed with five different players .
before 1989 , only five state tourist agencies could work in , the former czechoslovakia : čedok sporturist ckm , rekrea and autoturist .
before 1989 , only five state tourist agencies could work in the former czechoslovakia , čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea autoturist .
until 1989 , the only five state tourism agencies can work in the former czechoslovakia : čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea autoturist .
before 1989 , only five state tourist agencies could work in the former czechoslovakia : čedok sporturist ckm , rekrea with autoturist .
before 1989 , just five state travel agencies could work in the former czechoslovakia : čedok sporturist , ckm , rekrea autoturist and .
until 1989 , the only five state travel agencies could work in former czechoslovakia : čedok , sporturist , ckm , rekrea and autoturist .
so , czech tourists were on vacation in the german democratic republic of the crimea ; the soviet union ( sochi , on the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both countries on the black sea ) ; and hungary ( balaton ) .
thus , for the holidays czech tourists were in the german democratic republic of crimea ; the soviet union ( sochi , in the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both on the black sea ) and hungary ( zagreb ) .
thus , czech tourists went on holiday in the german democratic republic of crimea ; the soviet union ( sochi , on the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both countries on the black sea ) ; and zagreb ( hungary ) .
thus , on holidays czech tourists were in the german democratic republic of crimea ; soviet union ( sochi , on the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both countries on the black sea ) ; and hungary ( balaton ) .
thus , for the holidays czech tourists were in the german democratic republic of crimea ; the soviet union ( sochi , on the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both of the country on the black sea ) ; and hungary ( балатон ) .
so , on vacation czech tourists were in the german democratic republic of crimea ; the soviet union ( sochi , on the black sea ) ; bulgaria ; romania ( both countries on the black sea ) , and hungary ( balaton ) .
it was a great paradox of socialist period that citizens socialist bloc ( ie and czechoslovakia ) were not permitted individual trips on socialist countries .
it was a great paradox of the socialist period , that the citizens of the socialist block ( i.e. czechoslovakia ) were not permitted individual tour of the socialist countries .
it was a great paradox of socialist period that the citizens socialist bloc ( i.e. and czechoslovakia ) were not allowed individual tour of socialist countries .
it was a great paradox of the socialist period that the citizens socialist bloc ( i.e. and czechoslovakia ) were not permitted individual tour socialist countries .
it was a great paradox of the socialist period , that citizens socialist bloc ( i.e. and czechoslovakia ) were not permitted individual trips through socialist countries .
it was a great paradox of the socialist period , that citizens socialist bloc ( ie , and czechoslovakia ) were not allowed individual travel on socialist countries .
at the time travel agencies offered travel to the west , but had to either stand in the queue all night , with travel bag , or to have a " good friends " at the agency .
at the time travel agencies offered travel on the west , but needed to either stand in line all night , with a travel bag , or have " good friends " in the agency .
at a time travel agencies offered travel to the west , but had to either stand in the queue all night , with the travel bag , or have " friends " in the agency .
at that time , travel agencies offered travel to the west , but had to either stand in the queue all night , with travel bag , or have " good friends " in the agency .
at the time travel agencies offered travel on the west , but had to be either stand in the queue all night , with a travel bag , or be " good friends " in the agency .
at the time , travel agencies offered travel to the west , but they had to either stand in line all night , with travel bag , or have " good friends in the agency . "
currency permit was necessary to travel to the west . his were not politically unreliable people who actually was not allowed to travel .
currency resolution was necessary for trips to the west . it were not politically unreliable people who do not have been allowed to travel .
currency permission was necessary to travel to the west . his were not politically unreliable people at all was not allowed to travel .
currency permission was needed to travel the west . his were not politically unreliable people who do not have been allowed to travel .
currency permission was needed to travel to the west . it were not politically unreliable people who do n't were allowed to travel .
currency permit was necessary to travel to the west . it were not politically unreliable people , who did not have been allowed to travel .
most czechs held their vacation home that led to a large amount of cottages and summer homes , this habit remains to this day .
most czechs have held their vacation home that led to a large number of cottages and summer homes this habit remains to this day .
most czechs spent their vacation at home , which led to a large number of houses and summer houses , this habit remains to this day .
most of the czechs held their holiday home that resulted in a large number of houses and summer homes , this habit persists to this day .
most czechs have held their vacation home that led to a large number of cottages and summer homes this habit remains to this day .
most czechs have held their vacation home , which led to a large number of cottages and summer homes , this habit remains on this day .
while the pre - 1989 holidays in germany or bulgaria was the culmination of our holiday travel , czechs have 4.5 million last year in countries around the world .
in a while until 1989 , bulgaria was the culmination of our travel or vacation in germany , in the past year , czechs have 4.5 million vacation in countries around the world .
in a while before 1989 , vacation in germany or bulgaria was the culmination of our holiday travel , the czechs held the 4.5 million last year in countries around the world .
in a while until 1989 , the holiday in germany or bulgaria was the culmination of our holiday travel , czechs had 4.5 million last year in countries around the world .
while pre - 1989 vacation in the gdr or bulgaria was the culmination of our holiday travel , last year , the czechs spent 4.5 million in countries around the world .
in a while before 1989 , bulgaria was the culmination of our trips or holidays in germany , last year , the czechs have 4.5 million vacation in countries around the world .
in the early 1990 the need for a visa in neighboring countries of western europe was cancelled . this marked the beginning of a huge wave of short trips mainly in the vein and germany .
in the early 1990s to obtaining a visa to the neighboring countries of western europe was canceled . this is the beginning of a huge wave of short voyages in vienna and germany .
at the beginning of 1990 , the need for visa in the neighboring western european countries was cancelled . this is the beginning of a huge wave of short trips in vienna and germany .
in the early 1990s to obtain visas in the neighboring countries of western europe was cancelled . this is the beginning of a huge wave of short journeys in vienna and germany .
in the early 1990s to obtain visas in neighboring countries of western europe was cancelled . this is the beginning of a huge wave of short flying mostly in vienna and germany .
in the early 1990s the necessity to obtain visas in the neighboring western european countries was cancelled . this is the beginning of a huge wave of short journeys mostly in vienna and germany .
for example , in paris , czech tourists were sleeping in parks in the tents , because their incomes at the time lacked at the hotel or guesthouse .
in paris , czech tourists slept in parks , for example , in tents because their income at the time lacked at the hotel or hotel .
for example , in paris , the czech tourists were sleeping in parks in tents , as their income at the same time lacked the hotel or guesthouse .
in paris , the czech tourists slept in parks , for example , in tents , as their incomes at the time lacked on the hotel or hotel .
in paris , a czech tourists were sleeping in parks , for example , in tents as their incomes at the time lacked the hotel or guesthouse .
for example , in paris , czech tourists slept in parks in tents , because their income at the time lacked at the hotel or hotel .
another important point is that the introduction of a freely convertible czech krona . after decades our tourists can finally buy western currency .
another important point is the introduction of freely convertible czech krona . decades later our tourists finally be free to buy western currencies .
other important point is that the introduction of a freely convertible czech crowns . later decades our tourists finally can freely buy western currency .
another important point is that the introduction of freely convertible czech crowns . finally decades later our tourists can buy western currency .
another important - introduction of a freely convertible czech crowns . later decade our tourists finally can freely buy western currency .
another important point is that the introduction of freely convertible czech crowns . decades later our tourists finally can freely buy foreign currency .
since 1997 , increased demand for tourist agencies to prepare regular flights , allowed the чартерными airlines . compared to last , air travel have now become incredibly cheap thanks to the possibility to order wholesale discounts .
since 1997 , the increased demand allowed tourist agencies to prepare regular flights , performed чартерными airlines . compared to last , air travel now incredibly cheap thanks to the opportunity to order wholesale discounts .
since 1997 , has increased demand for tourist agencies prepare regular flights , the чартерными . compared with the past , airlines now incredibly cheap thanks to the opportunity to order wholesale travel discounts .
since 1997 , the increased demand for tourist agencies prepare regular flights , allowed the чартерными . compared to last , airlines now incredibly cheap thanks to the opportunity to travel wholesale discounts .
since 1997 , the increased demand to tourist agencies prepare regular flights , performed чартерными . compared with last , air travel now incredibly cheap thanks to the possibility to order wholesale discounts .
since 1997 has increased demand for travel agencies prepare regular flights , performed чартерными . compared with last , air travel have now become incredibly cheap thanks to the opportunity to order wholesale discounts .
the next significant event in the history of travel after the revolution has happened in 2000 . a large demand led to a historically , the first direct чартерному voyage from the czech republic in exotic country , thailand .
following a significant event in the history of travel after the revolution happened in 2000 . high demand has led to the historically , first direct чартерному voyage of the czech republic in exotic country , thailand .
the next significant event in the history of travel after the revolution has happened in 2000 . a large demand resulted in historically , the first direct чартерному voyage from the czech republic in the exotic country , thailand .
the following significant event in the history of travel after the revolution happened in 2000 . a big demand has led to the historically first direct чартерному voyage of the czech republic in the exotic country , thailand .
the following significant event in the history of travel after the revolution happened in 2000 . a large demand has led to historically the first direct чартерному voyage from the czech republic in exotic country , thailand .
the following significant event in the history of travel after the revolution happened in 2000 . high demand has led to historically , the first direct чартерному voyage of the czech republic in exotic country , thailand .
november 17 , 2008 , the united states abrogated the need for visa for our country , so czech tourists . forever joined the world 's most developed countries .
november 17 2008 , the united states have the need to obtain visas for czech travelers . our country , so forever joined the world 's most developed countries .
on november 17 2008 , the united states abrogated the need to obtain visas for czech travelers . our country , so always joined the world 's most developed countries .
november 17 , 2008 , us the necessity to obtain visas for czech travelers . our country , so forever joined the world 's most developed countries .
november 17 , 2008 , the us cancelled the necessity to obtain visas for czech tourists . our country , so world forever acceded to the most developed countries .
on november 17 , 2008 united states abrogated the need to get visas for czech tourists . our country , so good joined the most developed world countries .
йиндржих tomas пацлик райхл , miroslav пельта and aching to lead czech football .
йиндржих райхл , tomas пацлик and miroslav пельта crave to lead a czech football .
йиндржих райхл , miroslav пельта and tomas пацлик crave lead czech football .
йиндржих райхл is miroslav пельта and tomas пацлик they lead the czech football .
йиндржих райхл , miroslav пельта and crave tomas пацлик lead czech soccer .
йиндржих райхл , the miroslav пельта and tomas пацлик crave to lead czech football .
nevertheless , the era of гашека again plunged football in the fighting between the two houses association , which can not choose a candidate .
nevertheless , the era of гашека again plunged football association in fighting between the two chambers , who can choose a single candidate .
nevertheless , era гашека again plunged football association in strife between the two chambers , who can choose a single candidate .
however , the era of гашека again plunged soccer in the strife between the two houses association , which may not choose a candidate .
however , the era of гашека again plunged football association in strife between the two chambers , who may not choose a single candidate .
however , the era гашека again plunged football in the fighting between the two houses association , which may not choose a single candidate .
delegates meeting it came to national home in prague , смихов as negotiations remained blocked off , not only to the elections .
delegates meeting it came to the national house in prague , смихов , as negotiations remained blocked off , not only electoral procedure .
delegates meeting it came to national home in prague , смихов as negotiations remained blocked off , not only to the elections .
delegates meeting that arrived in national house in prague , смихов , because the negotiations remained blocked off , not only to the elections .
delegates meeting that came to the national house in prague , смихов , because the negotiations were blocked off , not only the elections .
delegates meeting that came in national house in prague , смихов , because the talks remained blocked off , not only the elections .
this moment since then , was partially settled with the recommendations of the institute of the state and law , under which representation , based on the credentials , it is impossible .
this moment since then , was partially settled thanks to the recommendations of the institute of state and law , according to which the mission , based on the credentials , it is impossible .
this moment since then , was partially resolved thanks to the recommendations of the institute of state and rights , according to which the representation , based on the power , it is impossible .
this moment since then , was partially settled with the recommendations of the institute for the state and law , under which the representation , based on the power , it is impossible .
this moment since then it has been partially settled with the recommendations of the institute of the state and law , according to which the representation , based on the mandate , it is impossible .
this moment since was partially settled with the recommendations of the institute of the state , and the right to representation , based on the power , it is impossible .
the executive board also not helped , although their meetings , both regular and extraordinary , he mostly busy with this issue .
executive board also not helped , although their meetings , both regular and extraordinary , he mostly busy this issue .
executive board , also not helped , although their meetings , both regular and extraordinary , he mostly engaged in this question .
executive board also not helped , though their meetings , both regular and early , he mainly in busy this question .
executive council also not helped , even though its meetings , both regular and early , he mostly busy this issue .
executive board also not helped , although their meetings , both regular , and extraordinary , he mainly in busy this question .
the question is : how to move to 3 - by doha round and to avoid pat ?
the question is : how to 3 , round and avoided the pat ?
the question is : how to the 3 - moo round and avoid the pat ?
the question : how to move to a 3 - mu round and evade pat ?
the question : how to move to the 3 - moo round and avoid the pat ?
the question is : how to switch to the 3 - of round and to avoid pat ?
based on model , under the charter , the winner of the 3rd round is the candidate , received more support for the house , which he is the candidate .
based on the model , the charter , the winner of the 3rd round is the candidate , received great support from the chamber , where he is a candidate .
based on models , under the charter , the winner of the 3rd round of a candidate , who received more support for the house , which he is the candidate .
based on the model , under the charter , winner of the 3rd round of a candidate , who received more support for the chamber , where he is a candidate .
based on the model , under the charter , the winner of the 3rd round of a candidate , received more support for the chamber from which he is a candidate .
based on model , under the charter , the winner of the 3rd round is the candidate , received more support for the house , which he is the candidate .
czech side insists that the condition that the overall percentage winner should get at least two - thirds of the vote .
czech party insists on condition that in general , the percentage the winner must gain at least two - thirds of the vote .
czech side insists on the condition that in general percentage winner should get at least two - thirds majority vote .
czech party insists on condition that in the percentage winner must score at least two - thirds votes .
czech party insists on condition that in the overall percentage winner should get at least two - thirds votes .
czech party insists on condition that in general , the percentage the winner must gain at least two - thirds of the vote .
several unexpectedly tomasz пацлик agrees with his opinions , even though the election rules , estimates that some of the charter , with пельту more than the other candidates .
somewhat unexpectedly tomas пацлик agrees with his opinion , though the election rules , estimates that some of the charter , with пельту greater than the other candidates .
several suddenly tomas пацлик agrees with his opinions , even though election rules , estimates that some of the charter , with пельту more , than the other candidates .
several suddenly tomas пацлик agrees with his opinions , although according to election rules , certain charter , with пельту more than any other candidates .
somewhat unexpectedly tomash пацлик agrees with his opinion , though the election rules , estimates that some charter , with пельту more than other candidates .
several unexpectedly tomas пацлик agrees with his opinion , although according to election rules , some of the charter , with пельту greater than the other candidates .
" i want to avoid всевозможной of stupidity , as the previous meeting , " says the owner of victoria пльзень , who was the first is the candidate ; and in his remarks , he largely contradicts пельте .
" i want to avoid всевозможной of stupidity , as the previous meeting , " says the owner of victoria pilsen which is a candidate ; and for the first time in his remarks , he mainly contradicts пельте .
" i want to avoid всевозможной of stupidity , as the previous meeting , " says the owner of the victoria pilsen , which is the candidate ; and in their first statements he mostly contradicts пельте .
" i want to avoid всевозможной of stupidity , before the previous meeting , " says the owner of victoria pilsen , which is the candidate ; and for the first time in his remarks , he basically contradictory пельте .
" i want to avoid всевозможной of stupidity as the previous meeting , " says the owner of the victoria pilsen , which is a candidate ; and for the first time in his remarks , he mostly contradicts пельте .
" i want to avoid conceivable representative stupidity , as the previous meeting , " says the owner of victoria pilsen , which is a candidate ; and in their statements for the first time he mainly contradicts пельте .
he believes that the new president would be known нимбурке ; he also hopes that in the future candidates will be constructively cooperate .
he believes that a new president will be known in the нимбурке ; he also hopes that candidates will be constructively cooperate in the future .
he believes that a new president will be known нимбурке ; it also hopes that the future candidates will cooperate constructively .
he believes that the new president would become known нимбурке ; he also hopes that future candidates will be constructive cooperation .
he believes the new president will be known нимбурке ; he also hopes that the candidates will be constructively cooperate in the future .
he believes that the new president , will be known нимбурке ; he also hopes that in the future will be constructive to cooperate .
" football will be on the happy wave again , people will be more willing to cooperate , " said representative яблонеца . of three candidates had more experience in football management as a professional , and at regional level .
" football will be on the happy wave again , people will be more willing to cooperate , " said spokesman яблонеца . from three candidates it has more experience in football , both on the professional and management and regional levels .
" football will again be on the happy wave , people will be more willing to cooperate , " says representative яблонеца . from three candidates had the most experience in football management at both the professional and at the regional level .
" football will again be on the happy wave , people will be more willing to cooperate , " said representative яблонеца . from three candidates it has the most experience in football as a professional management , and regional levels .
" football will again be on the happy wave , people will be more willing to cooperate , " says representative яблонеца . the three candidates it has more experience in football management at both the professional and regional levels .
" football will be on the happy wave again , people will be more willing to cooperate , " said representative яблонеца . out of three candidates it has more experience in football , both on a professional and management and regional levels .
' i hope the agreement , but the situation very divided . "
" i 've i hope to the agreement , but this situation is very varied . "
" i hope the agreement , but the situation is very varied . "
" i hope for the agreement , but the the situation is very varied " .
' i hope agreement , but this situation is very varied . "
" i just hope agreement , but the situation very varied " .
were not so much time to hand reached agreement .
not so much time with to the left reached an agreement " .
not so much time left to parties reached agreement .
not so much time on the left , so the parties had reached an agreement .
not so many time left on the way , to the parties had reached an agreement .
left so much some time to hand reached an agreement .
an additional flight , which was supposed to , among other things , the vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , flew from prague in the morning due to technical malfunctions . sought an alternative , to deliver part of the executive committee to conduct переигровочного a match .
an additional flight , which was supposed to , among others , vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , not flew from prague in the morning because of technical malfunctions . sought an alternative to , to deliver part of the executive committee to place переигровочного match .
additional flight , which was supposed to , among other things , vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , flew from prague in the morning due to technical malfunctions . seeking an alternative to , to deliver some of the executive committee to conduct переигровочного match .
an additional flight , which was supposed to , among other things , vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , flew from prague in the morning because of technical malfunctions . sought an alternative , to deliver some of the executive committee to переигровочного match .
additional flight , which was supposed to , among other things , the vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , flew from prague in the morning due to technical malfunctions . sought an alternative , to deliver part of the executive committee to place переигровочного the match .
additional flight , which was supposed to , among other things , vice - presidents далибора coachman and райхла подгорицу , flew from prague in the morning because of technical malfunctions . sought an alternative , to deliver some of the executive committee to place переигровочного match .
minister of education , youth and sports affairs , josef добеш , i would like to hand - opponents in the strongest sports association in the country came to agreement .
minister of education , youth and sports , joseph добеш , i would like to hand - opponents in the most powerful sports association in the country have come to an agreement .
minister for education , youth and sport , josef добеш , would like to , in order to hand - opponents of the most powerful sports association in the country came to an agreement .
minister of education , youth and sports affairs , josef добеш , i would like to hand - opponents in the strongest sports association in the country came to agreement .
the minister of education , youth and sport , josef добеш , would like to , to hand - opponents of the most powerful sports association in the country have come to an agreement .
the education , youth and sports minister , josef добеш , would like to side - opponents in the most powerful sports association in the country came to agreement .
пацлик enters the presidential fight , because he does n't sees suitable candidate
пацлик come in a presidential struggle , since he sees no suitable candidate
пацлик entering presidential struggle , as he does n't see a suitable candidate
пацлик , enters presidential fight , as he did not see a suitable candidate
пацлик joins presidential fight , because he did not see suitable candidate
пацлик enters into the presidential fight , since he does n't see a suitable candidate
" if you would be a worthy candidate , i would have fought for him , and himself did not participate in the fighting . "
" if would be a candidate , i would have fought for him , and he was not involved in a struggle . "
" if it would be a candidate , i would have fought for him , and himself did not participate in the struggle . "
" if it would be a candidate , i would have fought for it , and himself was not involved in the struggle . "
" if it was a worthy candidate , i would be fought for him and did not participated in the fight . "
" if it was a worthy candidate , i would have fought for it and himself did not participate in the fight . "
motive пацлика to join the fight against miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом - to try to prevent пельте fačr , предположительному contender election , to enter .
motive пацлика to entry in the fight against miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом is to try to prevent пельте , предположительному contender election , in the management fačr .
motive пацлика for joining in the fight against miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом - to try to prevent пельте , предположительному contender , to enter the management fačr election .
motive пацлика to join in the fight against miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом - try to prevent пельте , предположительному fačr contender election , to enter .
motive пацлика to join the fight with miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом - try to prevent пельте предположительному contender fačr elections , to enter .
motive пацлика for membership in the fight against miroslav пельтой and йиндржихом райхлом - try to prevent пельте предположительному contender , to enter in the management fačr election .
in the future he would like to see this post has experienced the top manager , is not too associated with football life .
in future he would like to see this post has experienced a top manager , not too associated with football .
in the future he would have wanted to make this post was experienced senior manager , not too associated with football lives .
in the future , he would have wanted to , to post was an experienced senior manager , not too associated with football life .
in the future he would like to see this post has experienced senior manager at , not too with the football life .
in the future he would like to , to this post took an experienced senior manager at , not too associated with football lives .
" it was horrible for me to hear how some of them say that at the moment they do n't even want to have attitude towards the czech football . "
" it was horrible for me to hear some of them said at the moment they do n't even want to do with the czech football . "
" it was terrible for me to hear how some of them saying that at the moment they do n't even want to have related to the czech football . "
" for me was terrible to hear how some of them said that at the moment they do n't even want to have relevant to the czech football . "
" it was horrible for me to hear how some of them said that , at the moment they do n't even want to have the relevant to the czech football . "
" it was awful for me to hear some of them said that at the moment they do n't even want to have attitude to the czech football " .
currently , the main controversy пацлика with пельтой connected with the relationship last with novel бербром , president of the regional soccer association in the бербр - a controversial reputation , which is known as an influential lobbyist behind the scenes , can affect the delegates of the general assembly .
currently , the main controversy пацлика with пельтой connected with the relationship last with novel бербром , president of regional football association in the бербр - controversial reputation , a man who behind the scenes is known as an influential lobbyist , can affect the voting delegates of the general assembly .
currently the main disagreement пацлика with пельтой connected with the relationship last with roman бербром , president of regional football association in пльзене . бербр - controversial reputation , a man who behind the scenes is known as an influential lobbyist , can affect the delegates of the general assembly .
currently the main controversy пацлика пельтой connected with the relationship with roman бербром , president of the regional soccer association in пльзене . бербр - controversial reputation , a man who behind the scenes is known as an influential lobbyist , can affect the voting delegates of the general assembly .
currently , the main controversy пацлика with пельтой connected with the relationship last with novel бербром , president of regional football association in пльзене . бербр - controversial reputation , a man who behind the scenes is known as an influential lobbyist that can affect voting delegates of the general assembly .
currently , the main disagreement пацлика with пельтой connected with the relationship last from novel бербром , president of the regional soccer association in the . бербр - controversial reputation , a man who behind the scenes is known as an influential lobbyist , can affect voting delegates of the general assembly .
" if he wins , current situation will remain without change and football will not move forward . "
" if he will win , the current situation will remain without change , and football will not move forward . "
" if he wins , the current situation remains without change , and football will not move forward .
" if he wins , the current situation would remain without changes and football will not move forward " .
if he would win , " the current situation will remain without change , and football will not move forward . "
" if he wins , the current situation will be without change and football would not be to move forward . "
he hints at the fact that a few years ago , name пельты was recorded during the phone with the investigation of corruption ; пельте managed to avoid .
he hints to the fact that a few years ago name пельты was recorded during the phone during the investigation on corruption ; пельте managed to avoid sentencing .
he hints at the fact that a few years ago , the name пельты was recorded during the phone with the investigation of corruption ; пельте was avoided .
he suggests , the fact that a few years ago , name пельты was recorded during the phone with the investigation of corruption ; пельте managed to avoid sentencing .
he hints at the fact that a few years ago the name пельты was during the phone with the investigation of corruption ; пельте have avoided the sentence .
he refers to the fact that a few years ago пельты name was recorded during the phone during the investigation of corruption ; пельте managed to avoid a sentence .
" and how we would look in the eyes of uefa and fifa , " said пацлик . he now does not mention his earlier statement about the fact that he " will sell the club if пельта pilsen , becomes president . "
" and as we would look in the eyes of uefa and fifa , " said пацлик . now he does not mention its earlier statement about the fact that he will sell the club if пельта pilsen , becomes president . "
" as we would have looked in the eyes of uefa and fifa , " said пацлик . now he does not mention his earlier statement about the fact that he " will sell the club if пельта pilsen , becomes president . "
" and as we would look in the eyes of the uefa and fifa , " said пацлик . now he does not mention his previous statement about the fact that he " will sell the club pilsen , if пельта will become president . "
" and how we would look in the eyes of fifa and uefa , " said пацлик . now he does not mention his earlier statement about the fact that he " will sell the club pilsen , if пельта will become president . "
" and as we would look in the eyes of the uefa and fifa , " said пацлик . he no longer mentions his previous statement about the fact that he " will sell the club if пельта pilsen , become president . "
this is the view , another candidate , райхл пацлик supported before the general assembly in september 2008 , the ceausescus fiasco .
this is the view the other a candidate , райхл , whom пацлик supported before the general assembly in september , the ceausescus fiasco .
this is another candidate райхл divides opinion , which пацлик supported the general assembly in september , the ceausescus fiasco .
this is the view other candidate райхл , whom пацлик supported before the general assembly in september , the ceausescus debacle .
this view is shared by the other candidate , райхл пацлик supported before the general assembly in september , the ceausescus .
another candidate , райхл share this opinion , which пацлик supported before the general meeting in september , the ceausescus fiasco .
пацлик maintains , that he risk control of the association .
пацлик argues it risk control by the association .
пацлик claims , that the it risk drive the association .
пацлик says it does risk management of the association .
пацлик argues , that he had risk management an association .
пацлик asserts that , he risk drive association .
" i have the power to force football environment change , to support her changes to the better . "
" i have a strength , to make football environment change to support her changes to the better . "
" i have strength , to make football environment change to support her changes to the better " .
" i have strength to make the football environment to change , to support her changes to the better . "
" i have a force to make football environment change , to sustain its changes to the better . "
" i have power , to make football wednesday change to support her changes to the better . "
one of his priorities would be strengthening relations between the fačr and czech olympic committee , with whose help he would lobby at the highest political level , the more money on the sport from lottery money .
one of his priorities would be strengthening the relationship between fačr and czech olympic committee , with whose help he will be lobbying at the highest political level for more money on the sport of lottery money .
one of his priorities will be strengthening the relationship between fačr and czech olympic committee , with whose help he will lobby on the highest political level provide more money on the sport of lottery money .
one of his priorities will strengthen relations between the fačr and czech olympic committee , with whose help he will lobby at the highest political level to more money on the sport of lottery money .
one of his priorities will be strengthened relationships between fačr and czech olympic committee , with whose help he will be lobbying at the highest political level to more money on the sport of lottery money .
one of his priorities will be strengthening the relationship between fačr and czech olympic committee , whose help he will lobby at the highest political level , the more money on the sport of lottery money .
" if the taxes on gambling , according to political parties , i understand their arguments , but they should make clear , where funds , " he said .
" if taxes on gambling , according to political parties , i understand their arguments , but they must clearly state , where will the money , " he said .
" if taxes on gambling , according to the political party , i can understand their arguments , but they must be clear where the money will go , " he said .
" if taxes on gambling , according to political party , i understand their arguments , but they should clear where the money will go , " he said .
" if taxes are gambling , according to political party , i understand their argument , but they should make clear where the money will go , " he said .
" if your taxes are gambling , according to political parties , i understand their arguments , but they should make clear where the money will go , " he said .
пельта to яблонецем , райхл to prague дуклой .
пельта bound with яблонецем , райхл from the prague дуклой .
пельта is associated with яблонецем , and райхл and prague дуклой .
пельта , connected with яблонецем and райхл to the prague дуклой .
пельта linked to яблонецем but райхл with the prague дуклой .
пельта relates to the яблонецем , but райхл from prague дуклой .
and yet , i do n't see any point in hypocritical to my shares of pilsen someone else , i 'm going to return to six months , " says пацлик .
" and yet i do n't see the point in the club 's hypocritical to transfer my stock pilsen someone else , i am going to return to six months later , " says пацлик .
" and yet i do n't see any point in hypocritical of my shares of pilsen someone else , i 'm going back six months , " says пацлик .
" and yet i did n't see any point in hypocritical of my shares of pilsen someone else , i 'm going back six months , " says пацлик .
" and yet i do n't see the point of hypocritical to transfer my shares of the club pilsen someone else , i 'm going to return to six months later , " says пацлик .
" and yet i do n't see the point in the club 's hypocritical to transfer my shares pilsen to someone else , i 'm going to return to six months , " пацлик said .
for two days before the general assembly of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he will fight for the new rules fačr to avoid disputes over the rules in the future election .
in two days before the general meeting of the football association of one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he will fight for new rules fačr , to avoid disputes over rules in the future election .
two days before general meeting of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he will fight for new rules of fačr , to avoid disputes in the future about the rules of the election .
for two days before the general assembly of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he will fight for the new rules fačr to avoid disputes over the rules in the future election .
for two days before the general assembly of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he would fight for the new rules fačr , to avoid disputes over in the future rules election .
for two days prior to the general meeting of the football association , one of the presidential candidates , miroslav пельта , promised that if elected , he will fight for the new rules fačr , in order to avoid future disputes over the rules of the election .
to проваленных пельта promised that if he wins elections in september , he focuses both on the representation and on receiving funds .
before september пельта проваленных elections promised that if he wins , he focuses both on and representation , and the receipt of funds .
before проваленных election in september пельта vowed that if he wins , he focuses both on the representation and the receipt of funds .
before проваленных elections in september пельта promised that if he wins , he focuses on representation and obtaining funding .
until проваленных election in september пельта promised that if he wins , he focuses both on and representation , and on obtaining funds .
before the проваленных elections in september пельта promised that if he wins , he focuses both on office , and on financial resources .
" people at all levels has long been in football , and they expect that the president be known on thursday in . "
" people are at all levels has been in football , and they expect president will be known thursday . "
" people on all levels , has long been in football , and they expect that the president on thursday will be known . "
" people at all levels of has long been in football , and they expect the president would be known on thursday . "
" people on all levels has been in football , and they expect the president will be known for on thursday . "
" people at all levels has been in football , and they expect that the president would become known on thursday . "
this gives him reason to think that he 's enough , to administer czech football .
that gives him reason to suppose that he is enough , to manage their czech football .
it gives him grounds to believe that he is experienced enough to manage the czech football .
this gives him reason to suppose that he is proficient enough , to control the czech football .
it gives him reason to suppose that he enough , in order to manage czech football .
it gives grounds to assume that he had enough , to manage their czech football .
" unfortunately , rules that have not been perfect , as we all thought , were on the general assembly in june . "
" unfortunately , the rule , which were not so perfect , as we all thought , had been taken at the general meeting in june . "
" unfortunately , the rules , which was not so perfect , as we all thought were on a general meeting in june . "
" unfortunately , rules , which were not so perfect , as we all thought were at the general meeting in june . "
" unfortunately , the rules , which were n't so perfect , as we all thought , were at the annual general meeting in june . "
" unfortunately , the rules , which was not as perfect as we all thought , were adopted at a general meeting in june . "
he treated переписыванию a key document civil association as to false target for delegates .
he treated rewritten key document civic association as to false target for delegates .
he has rewritten a key document of the civil association as a false targets for the delegates .
he treated rewritten key document civil associations as false targets to delegates .
he treated rewritten key document civil associations as false objectives for the delegates .
he treated rewritten key instrument civil association as a false goal for the delegates .
" this is fundamental question , without which we do n't exist , " says пельта . "
" that 's fundamental question , without which we do n't exist , " says пельта .
" this fundamental question , without which we ca n't exist , " said пельта .
" this is the fundamental question , without which we could n't exist , according to пельта .
" this is a fundamental question , without which we cannot do , " he пельта .
" it is a fundamental question , without whom we should not exist , " argues пельта .
in the past , he has claimed that he can submit its cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , whom he values for legal education ; he recognises the fact that his candidate is rival to become his first vice - president .
in the past , he has already claimed that he can submit their cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , which he values for legal education ; he is quite aware of the fact that his candidate - contender should be his first vice - president .
in the past , he has claimed that he could imagine its cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , whom he appreciates the legal education ; he is aware of the fact that his candidate - opponent should be his first vice - president .
in the past , he has claimed that he can submit its cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , whom he appreciates for legal education ; he is aware of the fact that his candidate is rival to become his first vice president .
in the past , he has already claimed that he could imagine its cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , which he values for legal education ; he is aware of the fact that his candidate is rival to become his first vice - president .
in the past , he has already claimed that he could imagine its cooperation with йиндржихом райхлом , which he values for legal education ; he is well aware of the fact that his candidate - contender to become his first vice - president .
he " in football more than a year and has made a certain type of success . "
" in football he more than a year and enjoyed some success . "
" he 's in football more than a year and has achieved some success . "
' he in football , more than a year and has made a certain success . "
" he had in soccer more than a year and achieved a certain type of success " .
' he is in football over a year and has a certain success . "
" and so some of them now doubt his true personality , " said пельта himself about his конкуренте . пельта argues that he 's faithful declarations , who announced in september .
" and why some of them now more doubt his true identity , " said пельта конкуренте . himself пельта claims that he 's faithful declarations , which announced in september .
" and yet so some now doubt his true identity , " said пельта about its конкуренте . himself пельта argues that he 's faithful declarations , which announced in september .
" and so some of them are now doubt his true identity , " said пельта конкуренте . himself пельта argues that he 's faithful declarations , who announced in september .
" and therefore some of them now doubt in his true identity , " said пельта конкуренте . himself пельта insists that he 's faithful declarations , which announced in september .
" and why some of them are now more doubt in his true identity , " said пельта пельта claims that he himself about his конкуренте . faithful declarations , which announced in september .
" immediately after that i would have on the talks with both private and public sectors , to ensure a sufficient amount of money for the whole of football , " сорокашестилетний čtk said candidate two months ago .
" immediately after that , i would have on the negotiations with both private and public sectors , to ensure enough money for football , " сорокашестилетний candidate said čtk two months ago .
" immediately after that , i would have on the negotiations with both private and public sectors to ensure enough money for football " , сорокашестилетний candidate said čtk two months ago .
" immediately after that i would have on the negotiations with both private and public sectors , to guarantee enough money for the football , " сорокашестилетний candidate čtk said two months ago .
" immediately after that i would have on the talks with both private and public sectors , to ensure that sufficient money for the football , " сорокашестилетний candidate čtk said two months ago .
" immediately after that i would be on the talks with both private and public sectors to ensure enough money for the entire football сорокашестилетний a candidate , " said čtk two months ago .
" i will need to know the instruction of individual employees . " that was his message страхову , where prolonged междувластия creates understandable nervousness .
" i will want to know the individual employees . " it was his message страхову instructions , where prolonged междувластия is understandable nervousness .
" i will need to learn the instructions of staff . " this was his message страхову , where prolonged period междувластия is understandable nervousness .
" i will need to find out the instructions of the individual employees , " this was his message страхову , where prolonged междувластия creates understandable nervousness .
" i will need to learn the instructions of the individual employees . " it was his message страхову , where prolonged междувластия creates understandable nervousness .
" i will need to know the instructions individual employees . " it was his message страхову , where prolonged междувластия raises understandable nervousness .
" if the only controversial question is how to vote in the third round this , we can cope . "
" if the only controversial question - how to hold elections in the third round , with this we can cope " .
" if the only controversial issue - like to hold elections in the third round , with this we can manage . "
" if only controversial question - how to vote in the third round , with this we could handle . "
" if the only issue - as hold elections in the third round , to cope with this we can . "
" if the only controversial question - how to hold elections in the third round , with this we can cope . '
райхл promises that under his guidance fačr would start to actively work
райхл promising that his manual fačr starts actively working
райхл promises , that when his leadership of fačr will work actively
райхл pledged that under his leadership fačr begin actively to work
райхл promises that under his guidance fačr starts actively working
райхл promises that with his manual fačr will start actively work
райхл promises that if elected , but will be at a time of hard work .
райхл promises that if elected , come at a time heavy job .
райхл vows that if it elected , will come the hard work .
райхл promising that if he elected , the time comes hard work .
райхл promises that if elected , there comes a time of hard work .
райхл promised that if elected , there will be time , difficult work .
it also promises to solve the problem богемцев ; improve relations with both the uefa and fifa ; to attract more money in football ; and to continue the previous president , ivan гашека .
he also promises to solve the problem богемцев ; improve relations with both uefa and fifa , to raise more money in football ; and continue to work the president , ivan гашека .
he also promised to solve the problem богемцев ; to improve relations with both uefa and fifa ; to attract more money in football and to continue the work of the previous president ivan гашека .
he also promises to resolve богемцев ; improve relations with both uefa and fifa ; to raise more money in football ; and to continue the work of the previous president , ivan гашека .
he also promises to solve the problem богемцев ; to improve relations with both uefa and fifa , to attract more money in football ; and continue the work of the previous president , ivan гашека .
he also pledged to solve богемцев ; improve relations with both uefa and fifa ; attract more money in football ; and to continue the work of the previous president ivan гашека .
" from international contacts with uefa and fifa to national team , professional soccer and football events for young people " .
" international contacts with the uefa and fifa , to the national team , professional football and football activities for the young people . "
" from international contacts with fifa and uefa , to the national team , professional soccer and football events for youth . "
" from international contacts with uefa and fifa , the national team , professional soccer and football activities for the young . "
" from international contacts with the fifa and uefa , to the national team , professional soccer and football events for young people . "
" from international contacts with uefa and fifa , to the national team , and professional football and football events for young people . "
" i 'm a player and i want to distribute authority on the executive board so that every member on a particular area . "
" i 'm a team player , and i want to distribute authority executive committee so that each member on a particular field . "
" i - team player , and i want to distribute power in the executive board , so that each member on the specific area . "
" i 'm team player , and i want to distribute authority on the executive committee so that every member of the on a particular area . "
" i have a team player and i want to distribute power on the executive committee , so that every member of the on a particular area . "
" i team player , and i want to distribute authority on the executive committee so that each member on a particular field . "
" this is probably wo n't many people , because it will mean hard work , not just criticism of the work of others , " he added .
" this is probably wo n't many people , because it will mean hard work , and not simply a criticism of the work of others , " , he added .
" this is probably wo n't many people , because it will mean hard work , and not just criticism of the work of others , " it added .
" this probably wo n't many people , since it will mean hard work , not just criticizing the work of others , " he added .
" this is probably not like many people , as it will mean hard work and not just criticism of others , " he added .
" it probably wo n't many people because this will mean hard work , not just criticism of the work of others , " , he added .
" me is that i work 20 hours per day , " .
" i know , that i working 20 hours a day . '
" me know that i 'm working 20 hours a day in . "
" i know , what i work 20 hours each day . "
" about i know , that i have work 20 hours a day . "
" me , it is known that i am 20 hours every day . "
" nevertheless , many people told me , what i should not give up , or will be other " .
" nevertheless , many people told me what i do n't have to give up , otherwise , will be other . "
" however , many people told me that i should n't give up , otherwise others will be " .
" nevertheless , many people told me that i should not give up ; otherwise , will be the other " .
" nevertheless , many of the people told me that i do n't have to surrender , otherwise will be others " .
" nevertheless , many people told me , that i should not resign , otherwise there will be others . "
moreover , he says that his motivation - to continue work , he began with the next hasek .
furthermore , he said that his motivation to continue its work , which he began with a next hasek .
furthermore , he said that his motivation is to continue work , which he began with next hasek .
moreover , he said that his motivation to continue that he started with the гашеком .
moreover , he says that his motivation - to continue work , he began with the next hasek .
furthermore , he says , that his motivation to continue work , that he started with гашеком .
" were launched processes that can bring results in a few years , and i do n't want someone else to stop them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , will be elected , the situation in the association may return to the one that was before гашека .
" started processes that can bring results through a few years , and i do n't want someone else to stop them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , would be elected , the situation in the association can return to the one that was before гашека .
" were launched processes that can bring results within a few years , and i do n't want someone else stopped them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , will be elected , the situation in the association could return to the one that was until гашека .
" were launched processes that can bring results within a few years , and i do n't want someone else stopped them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , will be elected , the situation in the association can go back to that was to гашека .
" were the processes that can bring results through a few years , and i do n't want someone else to stop them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , will be elected , the situation in the association can go back to the one that was to гашека .
" were started processes that can bring results through a few years , and i do n't want someone to another stopped them , " he said , fearing that if another candidate , miroslav пельта , will be elected , the situation in the association can go back to the one that was before гашека .
" he is surrounded by people who would football , so that he was available only for the few .
" he is surrounded by men who were football so that he was available only for a chosen few . "
" he is surrounded by people who were football so , he was available only for the few . "
" it is surrounded by people who were football , so he was available only for few . "
" he is surrounded by people who have football , so that he was available only to elect . "
" he is surrounded by people who were football , so he was available only for the few . "
moreover , it refutes accusations , that he will only be president the czech republic .
moreover , it refutes the charges in that , he will be the only president of the czech republic .
moreover , he denied accusations that he will only be president in the czech republic .
moreover , he denied accusations that he will be the only president in the czech republic .
furthermore , he denies allegations that he will only czech republic president .
moreover , it refutes allegations that he will be just president of the czech republic .
" for example , it is time to think about sharing second on czech and моравскую part of the league , which continue to struggle in the first league winners . "
" for example , it 's time to think about division of the league of the czech and моравскую part of the winners , which continue to struggle in the first premier league . "
" for example , it 's time to think about sharing the league winners on the czech and моравскую part of which continue to struggle in the first premier league " .
" for example , it 's time to think about sharing the league of the czech and моравскую part of the winners , which continued to struggle in the first premier league . "
" for example , it is time to think about the division of the second league and the czech моравскую of winners , which continue to struggle in the league . "
" for example , it 's time to think about sharing second on the czech and моравскую league , the winners of which continue to struggle in the league . "
while in the presidential fight club joined managing pilsen tomasz пацлик , райхл not dare to assess his chances for victory .
while in the presidential fight joined the club pilsen tomas пацлик , райхл not to assess his chances for victory .
while the presidential battle joined the club in pilsen , tomasz пацлик райхл not dare to assess his chances for victory .
while in the presidential fight into managing club пльзень tomash пацлик , райхл not dare to assess his chances of winning .
while in the presidential fight joined the club in pilsen tomasz пацлик , райхл does not dare to assess his chances to win .
while in the presidential fight joined the club manager western bohemia tomas пацлик , райхл does not dare to assess his chances of victory .
on the other hand , he partly blamed themselves that in association no unity .
on the other hand , and he partly blames herself in is that there is no unity in the association .
on the other hand , he partially blames itself that the association of no unity .
on the other hand , he partially blames themselves , that in the association no unity .
on the other hand , he partly blames herself for that , in association of is no unity .
on the other hand , he partly blames themselves in that there is no unity of the association .
" nobody can doubt , that he 's worked in the in the this year . "
" no one can doubt that the he worked in the in the later this year . "
" nobody could doubt , that he worked well in the " in this year .
" no one can doubt that he worked in the well in that . "
" nobody could doubt that he worked well in the this year , the . "
" no one can doubt that he worked in the this year 's " .
" he would not distort the facts to his benefit , " said райхл of her opponent .
" he would not distort the facts for her benefit , " райхл about his opponent .
he would not " misrepresent facts for their benefit , " said райхл about his opponent .
" he would not distort the facts for their benefits , " says райхл of your opponent .
" he would not distort the facts for its betterment , " said the райхл about his opponent .
" he would n't distort the facts for benefits , " said райхл about your opponent .
children 's pools with universal fiber optics and status swimming pools in budapest . travelers can try out the incredible water europe and loosen the weary body in the jacuzzi after tours across the city or hiking .
children 's swimming pool with the universal fiber optics and status swimming pools in budapest . travelers can try out the incredible water europe - and loosen the weary body in the jacuzzi after tours across the city or hiking .
children 's swimming pools with universal fiber optics and status pools in budapest . travelers can try out the incredible water europe - and relax weary body in a jacuzzi after tours in the city or hiking .
children 's swimming pools with the universal fiber optics and status swimming pools in budapest . travelers can try the incredible water europe - and relax weary body after excursions around the city in the jacuzzi or walk .
children 's swimming pools with universal fiber optics and status pools in budapest . travelers can try the incredible water europe - and relax weary body in the jacuzzi after tour around the city or hiking .
children 's swimming pool with the universal fiber optics and status swimming pools in budapest . travelers can try the incredible water europe , and relax weary body in the jacuzzi after tours around the city or hiking .
without the one thing iris медер could not cope during their research trips last year and a half - without his swimsuit costumes .
without any one thing airis медер could not do during their research trips last year and a half : without her swimsuit costume .
without one things iris медер could n't do during his research trips last year : without his swimsuit suit .
without the one thing iris медер could n't do during its research trips last year and a half : without his swimsuit costume .
no one thing airis медер could not do during his research trips last year and a half : without my swimsuit suit .
without the one thing iris медер could not be during their own research trips last year and a half : without her swimsuit costume .
she rush to add every понравившийся pool in his notepad - with important details about the building and the history of the buildings .
she hurry add each понравившийся pool in your notebook - with important details about the building and the history of the building .
it 's rush to add to each понравившийся pool in your notepad - with important details about building and the history of building .
it rush to add to every понравившийся pool in her notepad - with important details about the building and the history of the building .
she rush to add each понравившийся swimming pool in your notepad - with important details about the building and history of building .
it 's hurry to add each понравившийся pool in his notepad - with important details about the building and the history of the building .
her " a trip to the most unusual baths in central europe " held it through 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland - the one city in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
her " journey to the most unusual купальни in central europe " held her through the 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland , and one by one city in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
her " journey to the most unusual baths in the central europe " held her through 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland - and the one city in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
her " journey to the most unusual baths in central europe " held her through the 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland -- and on a city in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
her " journey to the most unusual baths in central europe " conducted her through 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland -- and on one city in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
its journey in the most unusual baths in central europe " held her through 13 countries . in addition to germany , austria and switzerland , she visited the baths in italy , france , czech republic , slovakia , slovenia , hungary , romania and poland - and in a town in luxembourg , serbia and croatia .
she has very little enthusiasm for sport , " says медер , but in the water all differently .
it has very little enthusiasm for sport , " says медер differently , but in the water .
it has little enthusiasm for sport , " says медер , but in the water all differently .
she feels very little enthusiasm in relation to sport , " says медер things differently , but in the water .
it feels very little enthusiasm for sports , " said медер , but in the water all differently .
it is very little enthusiasm for sports , " says медер , but water , all differently .
" one day i asked myself , why swimming pools should always be such a terrible , " who lives in vienna медер says .
" one day i asked yourself , why swimming pools should always be so awful , " who lives in vienna медер said .
" once i asked myself why the swimming pools should always be such staggering , " said медер who lives in vienna .
" once i asked themselves why swimming pools should always be so terrible , " who lives in vienna медер says .
" once i asked myself why the swimming pools should always be such a terrible , " says living in vienna медер .
" one day i asked myself , why the swimming pools should always be terrible , " who lives in vienna медер says .
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for eyes , if the builders to take such trouble . " instead of sex in the pool you have the surface of water . "
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for eyes , if the builders will take such work . " instead of sex in a swimming pool you have the surface of the water . "
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for the eye , if the builders to take such work . " instead of sex in a swimming pool you surface of the water . "
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for eyes , if the builders will take this work . " instead of sex in the swimming pool you have a surface of the water . "
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for the eyes , if the builders to take this work . " instead of sex in the pool had surface water . "
and swimming pools can be a real pleasure for eye if builders will take such work . " instead of sex in the pool you have surface water . "
all visually impact : high ceilings , tiled floors and ventas .
are visually reflected : high ceilings , tile and a trampoline .
all visually reflect : the high ceilings , the color tiles and ventas .
all visually affect : high ceilings , color , and trampoline .
all visually impact : high ceilings , tiled floors and ventas .
all the visually is reflected , high ceilings , tile color and ventas .
collector reservoirs медер found a few outstanding instances during the studies in hungary .
collector fishery медер found few outstanding copies during studies in hungary .
collector reservoirs медер discovered some prominent copies during the investigation in hungary .
collector reservoirs медер revealed several prominent copies during the surveys in hungary .
water collector медер found several prominent instances during the research in hungary .
water collector медер found few prominent copies during study in hungary .
many of the outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of . you can see the zurich of baths on the roof or seen заснеженный арльберг from outdoor swimming pool in st. anton . and steam has a window that allows you to see what is happening on лыжне .
many of the outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of . you can see the entire zurich from baths on the roof or consider заснеженный арльберг from swimming pool is open in st anton . and the steam has a window that allows you to see the лыжне .
many of the outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of zurich . you can see the entire from baths on the roof or consider заснеженный арльберг from outdoor swimming pool in st anton . and steam has a window that allows you to see what is happening at лыжне .
many of the outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of . you can see the entire zurich of baths on the roof or seen заснеженный арльберг from outdoor swimming pool in st. anton . and in the steam has a window that allows you to see what is happening on лыжне .
from the many outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of . you can see the entire zurich from baths on the roof or viewed заснеженный арльберг of outdoor swimming pool in st anton . and in the steam has a window that allows you to see what is happening on лыжне .
from the many outdoor swimming pools in switzerland and austria , on the other hand , offers stunning views of . you can see the entire zurich from baths on the roof or consider заснеженный арльберг from outdoor swimming pool in st. anton . and in the steam there are a window that allows you to see the лыжне .
in winter from the steam out of three open , which seem young эцтальских backdrop .
winter from the steam out of three open shells , which seem to be very small amid эцтальских gore .
in winter from him up pairs of the three open shells , which seem quite small эцтальских backdrop .
in winter from him a pair of three open shells , which seem quite small эцтальских backdrop .
winter from the steam out of three open shells , which seems quite small amid the эцтальских mountains .
in winter , from the steam out of three open , which seem to be quite small against the backdrop of the эцтальских gore .
собирательницу basins медер not in every pool meet smell of chlorine .
собирательницу бассейнов медер not in every pool seen the smell of chlorine .
собирательницу swimming pools медер every pool met not the smell of chlorine .
собирательницу бассейнов медер not every pool seen the smell of chlorine .
собирательницу dakota медер not every swimming pool met the smell of chlorine .
собирательницу pools медер do not in each basin had smell of chlorine .
smell cause гидрокарбонаты in alkaline water almost black sludge from water , which sticks to the skin as soon as you 're in the pool - wellness experience certain type of .
smell are гидрокарбонаты in alkaline water almost black sludge from water . , which sticks to the skin , as soon as you 're in the pool - wellness experience of a certain type .
smell causes гидрокарбонаты in alkaline water . water almost black from the sludge , which sticks to skin as soon as you 're in the pool , wellness experience of a certain type .
smell cause гидрокарбонаты water almost black in alkaline water from the sludge , which sticks to skin , once you 're in the pool is wellness experience of a certain type .
odor cause гидрокарбонаты in alkaline water . water nearly black from the sludge , which sticks to the skin , as soon as you 're in the pool - wellness experience certain type .
smell causing гидрокарбонаты in alkaline water . water almost black from sludge , which sticks to the skin , as soon as you 're in the pool - wellness experience a certain type .
, baths and designed by architect душаном юрковичем in 1902 , , were closed .
baths , designed architect душаном юрковичем done in 1902 , were closed .
baths , designed by architect душаном юрковичем in 1902 , were closed .
baths , designed by душаном юрковичем in 1902 , , had been shut down .
baths , designed by the architect душаном the юрковичем in 1902 , closed .
baths , designed by architect душаном юрковичем in 1902 , was closed .
one of the places where the destruction was halted on the hot tracks , amazing swimming pool in duchy - thermal waters in " bad вильдбаде palace .
one of the places where the destruction was halted on hot tracks , amazing swimming pool in the duchy - bad вильдбаде palace thermal waters .
one of the places where the destruction was stopped on the hot tracks , an amazing swimming pool in the duchy - the thermal waters in the " bad вильдбаде palace .
one of the places where the destruction was halted on hot tracks , an amazing swimming pool in duchy - palace bad вильдбаде thermal waters .
one of the locations where the destruction was halted on the hot tracks , amazing swimming pool in the duchy is a palace thermal water in the bad вильдбаде .
hot on one of the places where the destruction was halted following an amazing swimming pool in duchy - thermal waters in a bad вильдбаде palace .
after thorough reconstruction in 1995 , thermal palace - favorite swimming pool pedantic swimming pools iris медер - not only because it is from the forest .
after careful reconstruction in 1995 , thermal palace - favorite swimming pool maven basins iris медер -- and not only because it from forest .
after thorough reconstruction in 1995 , thermal palace - favorite swimming pool maven pools iris медер - and not only because she from the forest .
in 1995 after a thorough reconstruction thermal palace - favorite swimming pool pedantic basins iris медер - and not only because it from the forest .
in 1995 after careful reconstruction thermal palace - favorite swimming pool maven pools iris медер - and not just because it comes from the forest .
after careful reconstruction in the 1995 thermal palace - favorite swimming pool maven pools iris медер - and not just because it from the forest .
for german citizens ' the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans think unacceptable that the banks that speculate on agricultural products , such as wheat and maize .
for german citizens the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans as unacceptable that the banks that speculate on agricultural goods , such as wheat and corn .
for german citizens the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans find unacceptable , banks that speculate on agricultural products , such as wheat and maize .
for the german citizens ' the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 per cent of germans find it unacceptable that the banks that speculate on agricultural products , such as wheat and corn .
for the german of the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans believe the unacceptable that banks are speculate on agricultural products , such as wheat and corn .
for the german citizens the situation is clear . according to one study , 84 percent of germans believe the unacceptable that the banks that speculate on the agricultural products , such as wheat and corn .
conclusions were drawn in the study , conducted statistical analysis of the forsa institute for social research and on behalf of the consumer organisation foodwatch .
conclusions are made in the study , conducted by forsa institute for social studies and statistical analysis from consumer organisation foodwatch .
conclusions were made in the study , conducted and statistical analysis forsa institute for social research on behalf of consumers ' organisation foodwatch .
conclusions were made in the research , conducted by the institute of social research and statistical analysis of the forsa on behalf of consumers foodwatch .
conclusions were made in the study , conducted by institute for social research and statistical analysis of forsa on behalf of consumer organisations promoting .
conclusions were made in a study and statistical analysis of the forsa institute for social research from the consumer organisations foodwatch .
the author of the report , harald schuman , demonstrates that the interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges raises prices - and the banks , therefore , in to world hunger .
report 's author , harald schuman , shows that interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges game raises prices - and banks , thus , involved to world hunger .
report 's author , harald schuman , shows that the game raises prices , interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges and banks , thus , in to world hunger .
report 's author , harald schuman , demonstrates that interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges game raises prices , and banks , therefore , involved to world hunger .
report 's author , harald schuman , demonstrating that interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges game raises price - and banks , so in the world hunger .
report 's author , harald schuman , demonstrates that interest rates on the world 's commodity exchanges game raises price - and banks , thus , involved in to world hunger .
originally rates on the goods have as a means of protection retailers from price fluctuations .
initially , rates on the goods have as a means to protect retailers from the price fluctuations .
initial rates on goods thought merchants as a means of protection from price fluctuations .
initial rates on the goods have as a means of protection merchants from price fluctuations .
initially the rates on goods thought as a means of protecting dealers from price fluctuations .
initially , rates on the goods have as a means to protect retailers from the price fluctuations .
unlike its competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate the allegations and said , that no trade " is not worth it , to risk a good reputation in the deutsche bank . "
unlike the competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate the charges and said that no trade " is not worth , to risk a good reputation of deutsche bank . "
unlike the competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate the charges and said that no trade " is not worth , to risk a good reputation of deutsche bank . "
unlike competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate the charges and said , that no trade " not worth it , to risk a good reputation of deutsche bank . "
in contrast to competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate the allegations and said that no trade " is not worth , to put at risk of a good reputation deutsche bank . "
unlike its competitors in the united states , аккерманн responded to criticism . he promised to investigate allegations and said that no trade " is not worth , to deutsche bank 's risk a good reputation . "
the investigation must be completed by the end of the year , when the results will be presented the board of governors board of directors of deutsche bank - with the recommendations of to act .
the investigation should be completed by the end of year , when the results will be presented to the board of directors of deutsche bank - with the recommendations of the action .
the investigation must be completed by the end of the year , when the results are to be presented to the board of directors deutsche bank - with the recommendations to act .
the investigation must be completed by the end of the year , when results will be presented by the board of governors of directors deutsche bank - with the recommendations to the action .
the investigation must be completed by the end of the year , when the results will be presented by deutsche bank 's governing council of directors - with recommendations for action .
investigation should be completed by year end , when the results will be presented to the board of directors of deutsche bank with recommendations to the action .
president foodwatch thilo боде happy news , stressing its critical attitude to the financial sector . " rates on rising food prices - stunning example of how frivolous banks are currently acting against the common interests . "
president foodwatch thilo боде happy news , noting its critical attitude towards the financial sector . " betting on rising food prices - stunning example of how frivolous banks currently operate against a common interests . "
president foodwatch actually боде happy news , stressing its critical attitude to the financial sector . " betting on rising food prices - stunning example of how frivolous banks currently are operating against common interests . "
president foodwatch thilo боде happy news , stressing his critical attitude to the financial sector . " betting on rising food prices " stunning example of how frivolous banks currently act against the common interests . "
president foodwatch thilo боде happy news , emphasizing his critical attitude to the financial sector . " bets on rising food prices - stunning example of how frivolous banks are currently acting against the common interests . "
president foodwatch thilo боде happy news , emphasizing its critical attitude towards the financial sector . " betting on rising food prices - stunning example of how swallow banks currently operate against the common interests " .
" deutsche bank must be removed from portfolio all investments , which make money bets on food prices , " боде said .
" deutsche bank should be removed from the portfolio all investment , which make money betting on food prices " , said боде .
" deutsche bank should be removed from the portfolio all investments , which make cash rates on food prices , " said боде .
" deutsche bank must removed from the portfolio of all investment , which make money betting on food prices , " боде said .
" deutsche bank should be removed from the portfolio of all investments that make money betting on food prices , " said боде .
" deutsche bank should be removed from the portfolio investments , all of which make cash rates on the food prices , " said боде .
fast reaction to аккерманна first surprises , but meanwhile , the director would like to have impeccable image only a few months before the end of his tenure in office .
fast response аккерманна first surprised , but between the director would like to have impeccable image just a few months before the end of his stay in office .
fast reactions аккерманна first surprised , but meanwhile , the director would like to have impeccable image just a few months before the end of his tenure in office .
fast reaction аккерманна first surprised , but meanwhile , the director would like to have impeccable image just a few short months before the end of his stay in office .
fast response аккерманна first surprise , but meanwhile , the director would like to have impeccable image just a few months before the end of his stay in office .
fast reaction аккерманна surprised at first , but meanwhile director would like to have impeccable image just a few short months before the end of his stay in office .
of the hotly disputed speculation the the market food products would improve its image .
repealing the hotly disputed speculation on the market of food products could improve its image .
abolition of the food hotly disputed speculation in the market would improve his public image .
abolition of the hotly disputed speculation on in the market foodstuffs could improve his image .
abolition of the hotly disputed speculation at the food market goods could help improve his image .
abolition of the hotly disputed speculation on the market for foodstuffs could improve its public image .
today 's more than 30,000 internet - users have joined campaign organization .
to date over 30,000 internet - users have joined the campaign of the organization .
to date the more than 30,000 of internet users joined in the campaign .
today , more than 30,000 internet users organization joined the of the campaign .
today , more than 30,000 internet users have joined the campaign organization .
at today more than 30,000 internet users have joined the campaign organization .
no more than 11 percent believe that the investments , which bet on price , food , are acceptable to the deutsche bank .
more than 11 percent believe that investment , which are betting the price of food , are suitable for deutsche bank .
no more than 11 percent believe that the investment , which are betting on the cost of food , are acceptable for deutsche bank .
no more than 11 per cent believe that investment , which makes the rate on the price of food are acceptable to deutsche bank .
no more than 11 per cent believe that the investments that are betting on food price is acceptable to the deutsche bank .
no more than 11 percent believe that the investments that are betting on food price is acceptable for deutsche bank .
43 percent of the recommended would withdraw from the bank , a 49 percent said they think about closing accounts and switching to another bank .
43 percent advised to leave the bank , 49 percent said that they will think about the closure and move to another bank account .
43 percent advised would withdraw from the bank , 49 percent said they think about shutting down accounts and moving to another bank .
43 percent of recommended would leave the bank , 49 percent said that , will think about closing accounts and move to another bank .
43 percent advised would withdraw from the bank , a 49 percent said that they think about closing accounts and transition to another bank .
43 percent have advised to leave the bank , 49 percent said that , think about closing accounts and transfer to another bank .
architectural history with ups , downs and a happy ending . pavilion austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels winning prizes , was the museum in vienna , illuminates was left empty and abandoned .
an architectural history with ups , downs , and a happy ending . pavilion austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels winning prizes , illuminates became a museum in vienna , left empty and was abandoned .
an architectural history with ups , downs and a happy ending . pavilion austria , for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels the prizes , became museum in vienna , left empty and was заброшенным .
architectural history with ups , downs and a happy ending . pavilion austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels winning prizes , became museum in vienna , left empty , and i was заброшенным .
architectural history with ups , downs and a happy ending . ' austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels winning prizes , became the museum in vienna , illuminates was left empty and abandoned .
an architectural history with ups , downs , and a happy ending . pavilion austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels winning prizes , a museum in vienna , left empty and illuminates was abandoned .
austria , designed by karl шванцером pavilion for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is well - known example of the modern post - war architecture with his simple forms , glass холлами , daring which expressed faith in technological advances .
pavilion , designed by karl шванцером austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is a well - known example of modern postwar architecture with its simple forms , glass холлами , daring who expressed belief in technological advances .
pavilion , designed by karl шванцером austria for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is a known example of modern postwar architecture with its simple forms , glass холлами , courageous who expressed faith in technological progress .
austria , designed by karl шванцером pavilion for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is well - known example of the modern post - war architecture with its simple forms , glass холлами , bold who expressed belief in technological progress .
austria , designed by karl шванцером pavilion for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is a well - known example of a modern postwar architecture with its simple forms , glass холлами , daring who expressed faith in the technological advances .
austria , designed by karl шванцером pavilion for the 1958 world exhibition in brussels , is well - known example of modern post - war architecture with its simple forms , glass холлами , bold that expressed faith in progress .
he eventually became the world in 1973 , its legendary четырехцилиндровой bmw and her sister - tower building in the form of chalices .
he eventually became the world in 1973 , its legendary четырехцилиндровой building tower bmw and her sister - in the form of bowls .
eventually he became the world in 1973 , his legendary четырехцилиндровой tower bmw building and her sister - in the form of a bowl .
in the end he was on the whole world in 1973 , its legendary четырехцилиндровой tower bmw and her sister - the building in the form of the bowl .
in the end he was at the whole world in 1973 , his legendary четырехцилиндровой tower bmw and her sister - building in the form of bowls .
he eventually became famous around the world in 1973 his legendary четырехцилиндровой bmw tower building and her sister - in the form of bowls .
whatever the case , the building does not fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was n't the walls , which could hang works of art , and bad air - conditioning .
as would be , the building was n't fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was not walls , which could have been hanging works of art , and the bad air - conditioning .
however , the building does n't fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was not the walls , which would have been hanging works of art , and a bad air - conditioning .
whatever , the building does not fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was not the walls , which could have been hanging works of art , and air conditioning .
as any , the building does not fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was not walls , which could have been hanging works of art , and bad air - conditioning .
in any case , the building does not fit for the museum 's technical and spatial considerations , it was not walls , which could have been hanging works of art , and air - conditioning .
house left empty since 2001 , and his condition grew worse and worse and worse .
house left empty with 2001 and his condition was growing worse and worse and worse .
home left empty since 2001 , and its condition grew worse and worse and worse .
house left empty since 2001 has , and his condition grew worse and worse off .
left empty house with 2001 , and his condition was all the worse and worse .
home left empty with 2001 , and its condition grew worse and worse " .
this branch of the museum of belvedere , which will open the first museum exhibition on tuesday evening - all , event .
this museum is a branch of the belvedere museum that opens the first exhibition on tuesday evening , in all respects joyful event .
this museum is a division of the belvedere museum exhibition that opens the first on tuesday evening - all joyful event .
the belvedere museum is a branch of the museum , which will open its first exhibition on tuesday evening - all joyful event .
the belvedere museum is a branch of the museum , which will open its first exhibition on tuesday evening - all joyful event .
this museum - the belvedere museum , which will open the first exhibition on tuesday night , in all respects joyful event .
хуссляйн - arco , graduate school of art history with a brilliant career фигуристки in youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , the guggenheim museum and eventually became the founder and director of the museum of modernity in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators to reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
хуссляйн - arco , graduate school of art history with a brilliant career фигуристки in his youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , the guggenheim museum and eventually became a founder and director of the museum of modern in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators to reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
хуссляйн - arco , graduate school of art history with a brilliant career фигуристки in his youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , the guggenheim museum and eventually became the founder and director of the museum of modernity in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators to continue reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
хуссляйн - arco , graduate school of art history with a brilliant career фигуристки in his youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , guggenheim museum , and eventually became a founder and director of the museum of modernity in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators to reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
хуссляйн - arco , the graduate faculty of history of fine arts with a brilliant career фигуристки in his youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , the guggenheim museum and eventually became a founder and director of the museum of modernity in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators to reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
хуссляйн - arco , graduate school of art history with a brilliant career фигуристки in his youth , who worked at the sotheby 's , the guggenheim museum and eventually became the founder and director of the museum of modern in salzburg , persuaded politicians and curators continue reconstruction , has attracted public funds and private donations and decided on how to be used the building .
he was known , of course , thanks to the restoration and expansion of the vienna secession joseph ольбриха , and won the competition , but he also studied the шванцера in vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was " important place " for him , where he attended the exhibition " almost every week . "
he was known , of course , thanks to the restoration and expansion of the vienna secession joseph ольбриха , and had won the competition , but he also studied шванцера in vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was " important place " for him , where he visited the exhibition " almost every week " .
he was known , of course , thanks to restoration and expansion of the vienna secession , joseph ольбриха and won the competition , but he also studied the шванцера in vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was " extremely important place for him , " where he visited the exhibition " almost every week . "
he was known , of course , thanks to the restoration and expansion of the vienna secession joseph ольбриха , and won the contest , but he also studied at the шванцера in vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was " extremely important place for him " , where he visited the exhibition " almost every week . "
he was known , of course , thanks to the restoration and expansion of the vienna secession joseph ольбриха , and won the contest , but he also studied the шванцера in the vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was " extremely important place " for him , where he attended exhibitions " almost every week . "
he was known , of course , thanks to restoration and expansion of the viennese secession joseph ольбриха , and had won the competition , but he also studied шванцера in vienna university of technology , and the pavilion was for him " an exceptional place " , where he attended exhibitions " almost every week . "
problems arising from the latest restructuring , were far more serious . the building was " поглотителем energy , кришанитц says .
problems arising from the latest reshaping , were much more serious . the building was " поглотителем energy , " says кришанитц .
problems arising from the last realignment , were far more seriously . building was " поглотителем power , " says кришанитц .
problems arising from recent restructuring of the building , were far more serious . were " поглотителем energy , " said кришанитц .
problems arising from the last of that were much more serious . building had been " поглотителем energy , " says кришанитц .
problems arising from the latest realignment , were far more serious . building was " поглотителем energy , " he says кришанитц .
steel heat crossbar bridge was strengthened or replaced , and ceiling was removed asbestos .
steel crossbar thermal bridge were enhanced or replaced , and with the ceiling was asbestos .
steel crossbar heat bridge were strengthened or replaced , and with the ceilings was removed asbestos .
steel bridge of the heat have strengthened or replaced , and from ceiling was removed asbestos .
steel crossbar thermal bridge were strengthened or replaced , and with ceilings were removed asbestos .
steel перекладины thermal bridge had been strengthened or replaced , and with was ceilings removed asbestos .
original external doors have been preserved , and the building had been painted the old red - brown color protect against corrosion .
original exterior doors were stored , and the building was painted the old red - brown colour to protect against corrosion .
original external doors have been preserved , and building was painted into an old red - brown color to protect against corrosion .
original outer doors have been preserved , and the building had been painted in the old red - brown colour to protect against corrosion .
original external doors have been maintained , and the building was painted in the old red - brown color protect them from corrosion .
original external doors were saved , and the building was painted in an old red - brown colour corrosion protection .
all is under the strict control of the museum management and a tight budget .
all is under the strict control museum management and with limited a budget .
all of this strict control of museum with management and with limited by the budget .
it all under strict control museum management , and with limited budget .
it all in strict control of the museum management and the tight budget .
all is under the strict control of the museum management and a budget .
such architecture " at their place , " and not always nevertheless wants to " stimulate this awareness . "
such architecture " is always not in its place and yet wants to " stimulate " a real awareness . "
such architecture in its place , " and not " always nevertheless wants to " stimulate a real awareness . "
such architecture " not always in place " and yet wants to " to stimulate the real awareness " .
such architecture " not at the place " and always nevertheless wants to " stimulate real awareness . "
such architecture " not in place " and " always nonetheless wants to " stimulate this awareness " .
may be the second a happy event . the house of the 21st century may дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall berlin and , reportedly , talks with the city on the location of his next door in the swiss garden .
could happen in the second a happy event . the house of the 21st century can дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall , berlin and , reportedly negotiating with city on the location of his next door in the swiss garden .
may be the second a happy event . the house of the 21st century may дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall in berlin , and reportedly , is in talks with the city on the location of his next door in the swiss garden .
may be the second a happy event . the house of the 21st century may дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall in berlin and , reportedly , is in talks with the city of about the location of his neighborhood in swiss garden .
may be the second a happy event . house of the 21st century can дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall , berlin and , reportedly , negotiating with the city about the location of his next door in the swiss garden .
may be the happy event . the house of the 21st century may дополниться second building кришанитца - collector франческа von habsburg became temporary exhibition hall , berlin and , reportedly , is in talks with the city about the location of his side by side in the swiss garden .
deutsche bahn announced crisis plan to avoid the отмен trains during the winter .
deutsche bahn has crisis plan , to avoid отмен trains over the winter .
deutsche bahn отмен promulgated anti - crisis plan to avoid trains in the winter .
deutsche bahn disclosed anti - crisis plan is to avoid отмен trains in the winter .
deutsche bahn has crisis plan to evade отмен train in winter .
deutsche bahn disclosed anti - crisis plan is to avoid отмен trains in the winter .
citing internal anti - crisis plan deutsche bahn , the newspaper бильд reported that up to 2015 planned investment total worth about $ 300 million euros .
citing internal anti - crisis plan for deutsche bahn , the newspaper бильд says that by 2015 planned investments total about 300 million euro .
citing an internal anti - crisis plan deutsche bahn , the newspaper бильд says that until 2015 planned investment total volume of 300 million euros .
citing an internal crisis plan deutsche bahn , the newspaper бильд says that by 2015 planned investments total about 300 million euros .
citing an internal anti - crisis plan deutsche bahn , the newspaper бильд reported that up to 2015 planned investment total volume of nearly 300 million euros .
citing internal deutsche bahn , бильд newspaper reports that anti - crisis plan till 2015 planned investment total 300 million euros .
the number of their own and involved employees involved in the clean snow from ways and platforms , will be extended twice , to 16,000 .
number of their own and officers involved in cleaning snow with the ways and platforms , will be halved , to 16 000 .
the number of its own and staff involved in cleaning snow of ways and platforms , will be doubled to 16,000 .
the number of its own and staff , in the clean snow with paths and platforms will be doubled to 16,000 .
the number of its own and involved employees involved in the clean snow ways and platforms will be increased twice , to 16,000 .
number of their own cleaning and staff , involved in the snow with the ways and platforms , will be doubled , up to 16,000 .
рюдигер грубе , head of deutsche bahn , warned of the possibilities отмен and опозданий trains this winter at the meeting with the government and industry leaders two months ago .
рюдигер грубе , the head of deutsche bahn , warned about the possibility of отмен and опозданий trains this winter at a meeting with the government leaders and industry two months ago .
рюдигер грубе , head of deutsche bahn , warned of possible отмен and опозданий trains this winter at the meeting with government and industry leaders for two months ago .
рюдигер грубе , chairman of deutsche bahn , and warned of opportunities отмен опозданий trains this winter at a meeting with government and industry leaders two months ago .
рюдигер грубе , head of deutsche bahn , and warned of potential отмен опозданий trains this winter at a meeting with leaders of government and industry two months ago .
рюдигер грубе , head of the deutsche bahn , warned about the possibility of отмен and опозданий trains this winter at a meeting with leaders of the government and industry , two months ago .
deutsche bahn and for many years had more often to check axis trains ice trains after one of the ice snapped the axis on the main railway station in cologne .
deutsche bahn and for many years had more checking axis trains ice , after one of the trains ice snapped axis at the main railway station in cologne .
deutsche bahn and for many years had much more frequently to check axis trains ice after one of the trains , ice broke axis at the main railway station in cologne .
deutsche bahn and for many years had far more likely to axis trains ice trains after one of the ice broke axis at the main station in cologne .
deutsche bahn and for many years had trains more often than not check the ice after one of the trains ice lens axis at the main train station in cologne .
deutsche bahn and for many years had trains more often check the ice after one of the trains have ice broke the axis on the main train station in cologne .
new troubles came after worries around joseph аккерманна , general director of the deutsche bank : deutsche bank faces fine in the united states in many millions of pounds .
new troubles came in the wake of worries around joseph аккерманна , director - general of the deutsche bank : deutsche bank may face a fine in the us , the many millions of pounds .
new trouble came after worries around joseph аккерманна , general director of the deutsche bank : deutsche bank may face a fine in the u.s. many millions of pounds .
new troubles came in the wake of the worries around joseph аккерманна , the director - general of the deutsche bank : deutsche bank face fines in the united states many millions of pounds .
new troubles came following the disturbances around joseph аккерманна , general director of the deutsche bank : deutsche bank may face a fine , in the united states many millions of pounds .
new troubles came after the disturbances around joseph аккерманна , director - general of deutsche bank : deutsche bank faces a fine in the united states many millions of pounds sterling .
bond value has fallen sharply during the financial crisis and a slowly pulled down , the credit unions .
value of the bond has fallen sharply during the financial crisis and and slowly pulled down , the credit unions .
value of the bond fell sharply during the financial crisis the rise down the credit unions .
cost of bonds have fallen sharply during financial crisis and the rise down credit trade unions .
the value of bonds has fallen sharply during the financial crisis , and slowly pulled down , the credit unions .
the value of bonds have fallen sharply during the financial crisis , and slowly pulled down the credit unions .
ncua president debby матц both banks welcomed the quick reaction .
president of the ncua debbie матц welcomed operational reaction in both of the banks .
the president debbie ncua матц welcomed the quick reaction of both banks .
president ncua debby матц the prompt reaction both the banks .
president of the ncua debby матц welcomed the prompt reaction of both banks .
president of the ncua debbie матц welcomed the prompt reaction of both banks .
regulator also drew attention to other largest banks and in summer the case against jpmorgan chase , royal bank of scotland and goldman sachs .
regulator also drew attention to the other major banks and summer the case against jpmorgan chase , royal bank of scotland and goldman sachs .
regulator also drew the attention of the other major banks and the summer , the case against jpmorgan chase , goldman sachs and royal bank of scotland .
regulator also drew attention to the other major banks and in summer , raised the case against jpmorgan chase , royal bank of scotland and goldman sachs .
regulator also drew attention to the other major banks and summer of the case against jpmorgan chase , royal bank of scotland and goldman sachs alumnus .
regulator also drew attention on the other largest banks and in summer the case against jpmorgan chase , royal bank of scotland and a goldman sachs .
us investment bank lehman brothers ordered long to live in september , 2008 , the financial crisis .
american investment bank lehman brothers told live long in september of 2008 on the crest of the financial crisis .
us investment bank lehman brothers caused live long in september , 2008 , the leading edge of the financial crisis .
us investment bank lehman brothers had a long to live in a september 2008 , on the crest of a financial crisis .
the american investment bank lehman brothers ordered long to live in september 2008 , the financial crisis .
us investment bank lehman brothers commanded live long in september 2008 the crest of a financial crisis .
investors and regulators put a large number of claims , demanding pay compensation or to punish fraudsters .
investors and regulators have brought a lot of complaints , demanding to pay compensation or to punish cheats .
investors and regulators brought a large number of claims , calling for pay compensation or punish the fraudsters .
investors and regulators have put forward a large number of claims and pay compensation for or punish cheaters .
investors and regulators have brought large numbers of claims , calling for to pay compensation or to punish cheaters .
investors and regulators have brought large number of claims , to pay compensation to punish fraudsters .
it accuses the 18 largest international banks that they have the american credit institutions fannie mae and freddie mac collateral agreement at around $ 200 billion .
it accuses the 18 major international banks that they bought us credit institutions fannie mae and freddie mac have collateral agreement around $ 200 billion .
it accuses the 18 largest international banks that they acquired the american depository institutions fannie mae and freddie mac collateral agreement about $ 200 billion .
it accuses the 18 largest international banks in that they have the american depository institutions fannie mae and freddie mac collateral agreement at about $ 200 billion .
it accuses the 18 largest international banks that they purchased american credit institutions fannie mae and freddie mac have collateral agreement by approximately $ 200 billion .
it accuses the 18 largest international banks that they have purchased american depository institutions fannie mae and freddie mac collateral agreement for about $ 200 billion .
regulator requires bank with headquarters in frankfurt took responsibility for " significant losses " , but not yet pointed out the precise amount .
regulator requires , the bank with headquarters in frankfurt took responsibility for " significant losses " , but does not yet pointed out the exact amount .
regulator requires that the bank , headquartered in frankfurt took responsibility for the " significant loss , " but not yet pointed out the exact amount .
regulator requires , the bank with headquarters in frankfurt to take responsibility for the " substantial losses " , but not yet said the exact amount .
regulator requires , bank - headquartered in frankfurt took responsibility for " significant losses " , but not yet pointed out the exact amount .
regulator demands that the bank with headquarters in frankfurt took responsibility for " significant loss " , but have not yet pointed out the exact amount .
with march , he bought shares for a total amount more than $ ten billion .
since march , he had bought shares on total amount of more than ten billion dollars .
since march it bought the shares worth more than $ ten billion of dollars .
since march , he bought the shares worth a total of more than $ ten billion of dollars .
from march to , he bought shares in the total amount more than $ ten billion .
since march it bought a shares totaling more than ten billion .
however , annual report of ibm changed his views on investments in this industry .
however , ibm 's annual report changed his opinions about investment in this industry .
however , annual report by ibm changed his opinion about investing in this industry .
however , ibm 's annual report changed his opinions about investment in the industry .
however , annual report by the ibm changed his view of investments in this industry .
however , annual report ibm changed its view on investing in this industry .
in an interview with the american business television channel cnbc , buffett said that since march he bought shares of ibm totaling $ 10.7 billion .
in an interview with the american business tv channel cnbc , buffett said that since march he has purchased shares in ibm 's totaling $ 10.7 billion .
in an interview with the american business channel cnbc , buffett said that since march he bought stock in ibm 's total of $ 10.7 billion .
in an interview with american business television channel cnbc , buffett said that in march he bought shares of ibm for a total amount of $ 10.7 billion .
in an interview with the american business television channel cnbc , buffett said that since march he acquired shares in ibm 's for a total of $ 10.7 billion .
in an interview with the american business television channel cnbc , buffett said that since march he acquired a total of 10.7 billion dollars worth of shares of ibm .
buffett said , that even ibm until now , knew nothing of his participation .
buffett said that even ibm , until recently , nothing knew about his involvement .
buffett said that even ibm 's until recently , knew nothing about his involvement .
buffett said that he even ibm until quite recently knew nothing about its involvement .
warren buffett , said , that even ibm until recently , did not know anything about his involvement .
buffett said that he even ibm before recently , nothing knew about his participation .
" they did a great job " , " said buffett , referring to a management strategy .
" they have made a great job " , " buffett said , referring in the management strategy .
" they had done a great job , " said mr. buffett , referring to the strategy and management .
" they have made great work , " mr. buffett said , referring to management strategy .
" they did a great job " , " said buffett , referring to management strategy .
" they would have done a great job , " said buffett , referring to the strategy and management .
founder of computer industry , which is now more than 100 years , offers a also software and consulting services , as well as powerful computers for the business .
founder computer industry , which are now more than 100 years , offers in addition , software and consulting services , and powerful computers for business .
founder of computer industry , which already offers more than 100 years , further software and consultancy services , as well as powerful computers for business .
founder of computer industry , who is now more than 100 years , offers in addition , the software and consultancy services as well as powerful computers for business .
founder of computer industry , who is now more than 100 years , offers in addition , the software and consultancy services as well as powerful computers for business .
founder of computer industry , which is now more than 100 years , offers in addition software and consulting services , and the powerful computers for business .
the holding company berkshire hathaway owns stakes in a long list of big companies , such as coca - cola and munich re ( formerly münchener rück ) , along with about 80 of its own subsidiaries .
his company berkshire hathaway owns stakes in a long list of the biggest companies such as coca - cola and munich re ( formerly münchener rück ) , along with about 80 of their own subsidiaries .
his holding company berkshire hathaway owns interests in a long list of the biggest companies , such as coca - cola and munich re ( former münchener rück ) , along with about 80 its own affiliated companies .
his holding company berkshire hathaway owns shares in a long list of major companies , such as coca - cola and munich re ( former münchener rück ) , along with roughly 80 their own companies .
his holding company berkshire hathaway owns shares in a long list of largest companies , such as the coca - cola and munich re ( former münchener rück ) , along with about 80 its own subsidiary companies .
its holding company berkshire hathaway owns stakes in a long list of the biggest companies , such as coca - cola and munich re ( a former münchener rück ) , along with about 80 of their own subsidiaries .
it almost unerring money in a делании earned him the nickname " oracle of omaha " .
his nearly unerring in делании money has brought him the nickname the " oracle of omaha . "
it almost unerring instinct in a money делании brought him the nickname " oracle from omaha . "
its almost unerring instinct at делании money had brought him the nickname " the oracle of omaha . "
in his almost unerring делании money brought him the nickname " the oracle of omaha . "
it almost unerring in делании money brought him the nickname " oracle of omaha . "
" blue giant , also known as ibm , is on the stock market more than $ 220 billion , making it one of the world of the most expensive high - tech companies along with apple and microsoft .
" blue like giant , also known as ibm , is on the stock exchange more than $ 220 billion , so that makes him one of the world 's most expensive high - tech companies , along with apple and microsoft .
" blue giant , also known as ibm , is on the stock market more than $ 220 billion dollars , making it one of the world 's most expensive high - tech companies , along with apple and microsoft .
" blue giant " , as also known as ibm , is on the stock more than $ 220 billion , making it one of the world 's most expensive high - tech companies along with apple and microsoft .
the blue giant , also known as ibm , stands in the stock market has more than $ 220 billion , making it one of the world 's most expensive high - tech companies along with apple and microsoft .
blue giant , also known as ibm , is on the stock market more than $ 220 billion , that makes it one of the world 's most expensive high - tech companies , along with apple and microsoft .
after detecting " cell in zwickau " the turkish media became doubt during the rule of law in germany .
after identifying " cell in zwickau " the turkish media reports began to doubt the power of the law in germany .
after detecting " cell in zwickau , " the turkish media have doubt the rule of law in germany .
after identifying of cell in zwickau " turkish media has become doubt in rule of law in germany .
after the " cells in the zwickau " turkish media began to doubt the rule of law in germany .
after the " cell in zwickau " turkish media have to doubt in the power of law in germany .
killing eight turkish and a greek businessman between 2000 and 2006 was the outcome of right - wing extremist ideology .
killing eight turkish and greek businessman between 2000 and 2006 , were the result - right extremist ideologies .
killing eight turkish and greek business between 2000 and 2006 for years were a result of right - wing extremist ideology .
murder of eight turkish greek businessman and one between 2000 and 2006 for years were the result of right extremist ideology .
killing of eight turkish and greek business between 2000 and 2006 were the result of the right of the extremist ideology .
killings of eight turkish and one greek businessman between 2000 and 2006 years were the result right - wing extremist ideologies .
for many turks in germany , this news brought life to forgotten fears . such правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish was not with time arsons in мелльне золингене in may in november 1992 and 1993 .
for many turks in germany , this news brought to life forgotten fears . similar правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish was not from the ethnic мелльне золингене in may in november 1992 and 1993 .
for many turks in germany , this news brought to life forgotten fears . such правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish were not with the arsons in мелльне золингене in may in november 1992 and 1993 .
for many turks in germany , this news has to life forgotten fears . such правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish was not with the arsons in мелльне in november 1992 and золингене in may of 1993 .
for many turks in germany , this news brought life forgotten fears . such правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish was not since the arsons in мелльне золингене in may in november 1992 and 1993 .
for many turks in germany , this news brought to life long forgotten fears . similar правоэкстремистских attacks on turkish was not from the ethnic мелльне золингене in may in november 1992 and 1993 .
yet found the правоэкстремистская network has this scale , which has still not fully worn .
however , found now правоэкстремистская network has a scale , which is not fully worn .
however found now правоэкстремистская network has such a scale , that is still not fully cognizance .
however , found now правоэкстремистская network has such a scale , which is still not fully worn .
however , found now правоэкстремистская network has such scale , which still completely worn .
yet found now правоэкстремистская network has a scale , which has still not fully worn .
newspaper sabah , on the other hand , notes that one of the criminals was a secret informer secret services , and expresses concern that german authorities may not be in the правоэкстремистское quagmire .
newspaper sabah , on the other hand , notes that one of the offenders was a secret informer secret services , and expresses concern that the german authorities can be drawn into правоэкстремистское quagmire .
sabah newspaper , on the other hand , notes that one of the perpetrators was a secret informer secret services , and expresses concern that the german authorities may be sucked into the правоэкстремистское swamp .
the newspaper sabah , on the other hand , notes that one of the criminals was a secret informer intelligence services , and expresses concern that the german authorities may prove to be sucked into the правоэкстремистское swamp .
newspaper sabah , on the other hand , notes that one of the offenders was a secret informer secret services , and expresses concern that the german authorities may be in the правоэкстремистское backwater .
the newspaper sabah , on the other hand , notes that one of the criminals had been secret informer intelligence services , and expresses concern that german authorities may be sucked into the правоэкстремистское swamp .
just two weeks ago , turkish community berlin at a ceremony with the participation of the german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of the german - turkish bilateral agreement on the recruitment of the workforce .
only two weeks ago , berlin 's turkish community the ceremony with the participation of german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of the german - turkish bilateral agreement on the recruitment of the workforce .
just two weeks ago , berlin 's turkish community at a ceremony involving german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of the german - turkish bilateral agreement to hire the workforce .
just two weeks ago , the turkish community in berlin at the ceremony involving the german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of the german - turkish bilateral agreement on the employment of the workforce .
just two weeks ago , turkish community in berlin at the ceremony involving german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of german - turkish bilateral agreement on hiring the workforce .
just two weeks ago , berlin 's turkish community at the ceremony with german and turkish politicians celebrating the 50th anniversary of the german - turkish bilateral agreement to hire labor force .
some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " a gift from germany on the 50th anniversary of " is the name of one of the articles on turkish internet portal , " haber x " комментирующей circumstances of the series of murder .
some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " the gift from germany on the 50th anniversary of the " is the name of one of the articles on the turkish internet portal x " , " haber комментирующей circumstances series of murders .
some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " a gift from germany on the 50th anniversary " is the name of one of the articles on turkish web portal , " haber x , " комментирующей circumstances a series of murders .
some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " gift from germany on the 50th anniversary of " is the name of one of the articles on the turkish internet portal , " haber x , " circumstances комментирующей series of killings .
in some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " gift from germany on the 50th anniversary of the " is the name of one of the articles on the turkish internet portal , " haber x , " комментирующей circumstances series of killings .
some turkish media coverage was like a slap . " gift from germany on the 50th anniversary of " is the name of one of the articles on turkish web portal , " haber x " комментирующей circumstances series of murders .
behavior of the police and the subsequent successful subjected to harsh criticism on a german - turkish web forums .
police behavior and the subsequent successful have sharply criticized a on the german - turkish internet forums .
police behavior and the further successful a were criticized the german - turkish online forums .
harshly criticized the behavior of the police and the subsequent successful a roundup of german - turkish web forums .
conduct of the police and the subsequent successful were criticized for german - a turkish internet forums .
behaviour police and the subsequent successful were sharply criticized a german - turkish internet forums .
some authors have reached very harsh rhetoric . " if they will continue to act so awkwardly , migrants will have no choice but an armed self - defense . "
some authors reached quite sharp rhetoric . " if they continue to act as clumsy , migrants will have no choice , but armed self - defense . "
some authors have reached quite harsh rhetoric . " if they will continue to act just awkwardly , migrants will have no choice but to armed self - defence " .
some authors have reached quite sharp rhetoric . " if they continue to act as clumsy , migrants will have no choice but to an armed self - defense . "
some authors reached rather harsh rhetoric . " if they will continue to act as awkwardly , migrants will have no choice but to armed self - defence . "
some authors have reached quite sharp rhetoric . " if they continue to act as clumsy , migrants will have no choice but , apart from the armed self - defense . "
" the world in germany , will very much depends on how open the network and the punishment , " wrote " selen . "
" peace in germany would be very much depends on how open the whole network and the punishment , " said " selen . "
" the world in germany very much depends on how will open the whole network and the punishment , " wrote " selen . "
" the world in germany would very much depend on how open the whole network and the punishment , " wrote " selen . "
" the world in germany very much depends on how will open the whole network and the punishment , " wrote " selen . "
" peace in germany very much depends on , how will open the whole network and from the punishment , " writes the " selen . "
a photograph of ruin in the золингене deep запечатлелась in memory the germans and turks .
photo burned ruins in the золингене запечатлелась deeply in the memory germans and turks .
a photograph of the burned ruins in deeply золингене запечатлелась in memory , germans and the turks .
photo of ruins in золингене deeply запечатлелась in the memory of the germans and the turks .
photo deeply burned ruins in золингене запечатлелась in memory the germans and turks .
photograph of the ruins in золингене deep запечатлелась in the memory of germans and turks .
turks those crimes , but , increased sense of unity .
these crimes are , however , have a sense of unity turks .
turks those crimes , but , increased the sense of unity .
such crimes turks , however , boosted the sense of unity .
turkish these crimes , but , increased its sense of unity .
turks such crimes , but have increased sense of unity .
turkish press in that period primarily condemned failures of the german police after the attacks of helmut kohl refused to visit survivors in мелльне .
turkish press in the period denounced mainly failures of the german police after the attacks . helmut kohl refused to visit survivors in the мелльне .
turkish press in the period denounced primarily failures of german police after the attacks . refused to visit survivors in мелльне helmut kohl .
turkish press in that period condemned mostly failures of german police after the attacks . helmut kohl had refused to visit the survivors in мелльне .
turkish press in that period condemned mainly german police failure after the attacks . мелльне helmut kohl refused to visit survivors .
turkish press condemned the period primarily failures of german police after the attacks . refused to visit survivors in мелльне helmut kohl .
like he 's the value human taxes , which one pays .
as if it defined the value of the human tax , that he pays .
as if he determined the value of the human taxes that he pays for .
as if it defined the value of human taxes , which pays .
if he defined by value of the human taxes that the pays .
if it defined value of individual taxes , that he pays .
clearly showing , what to do now in addition to the efforts to uncover and reassessed правоэкстремистских terrorist organizations in germany .
it is clear that need to do is now in addition to efforts to detect and re - правоэкстремистских terrorist organizations in germany .
clearly showing that the need to do now the efforts to identify and re - правоэкстремистских terrorist organizations in germany .
clearly showing , that need to do now in efforts to identify and revaluation правоэкстремистских terrorist organizations in germany .
clearly that needs to do now in addition to the efforts to uncover and re - правоэкстремистских terrorist organizations in germany .
clearly showing that need to do now aside from efforts to identify and revaluation правоэкстремистских terror organizations in germany .
most risky policy europe 's banks are not leading france or italy , in switzerland .
most of the europe 's leading banks ' risky policies are not in france , or in italy and in switzerland .
most of the adventurous policy leading europe 's banks are not in france or in italy , but in switzerland .
most top european banks ' risky policy are not in france , or in italy , and in switzerland .
most of the leading banks risky policies in europe are not france or italy , and , in switzerland .
most top european banks ' risky policy are not in france or italy , and in switzerland .
in july , after his spectacular leaving post as head of the federal bank , it was announced that in 2013 he would start work on no less telling as chairman of the largest swiss bank ubs ; the unexpected and lucrative career move .
in july after his spectacular leaving as head of the federal bank , it was announced that in 2013 , he starts work on the no less telling as chairman of the board of directors of the largest swiss bank ubs ; an unexpected and lucrative career move .
in july , after its spectacular departure as head of the federal bank , it was announced that in 2013 he will begin work on no less telling as chairman of the biggest swiss bank ubs ; an unexpected and lucrative career move .
in july , after his spectacular leaving as head of the federal bank , it was announced that , in 2013 , he begins work on no less telling as chairman of the board of directors of the largest swiss bank ubs ; an unexpected and lucrative career move .
in july , after his spectacular departure as head of the federal bank , it was announced that in 2013 he will work on no less telling as chairman of the largest swiss bank ubs ; unexpected and lucrative career move .
in july , after his spectacular leaving as head of the federal bank , was announced that , in 2013 he will begin work on no less telling as chairman of the biggest swiss bank ubs ; an unexpected and lucrative career move .
but it in september , it was clear that will be very differently .
but it is already in september 2008 , it was clear that everything will be quite differently .
but it is already in september , it is clear that everything will very differently .
but in the september it became clear , that everything would be entirely differently .
but in september it was clear , that everything would be completely differently .
but already in september it became clear that will all be very differently .
ubs executive director освальду грюбелю - banker , known not only switzerland , was forced to resign .
executive director of ubs to грюбелю , dealer , famous not only in switzerland , was forced to resign .
executive director of the ubs to грюбелю of banker , famous not only in switzerland , was forced to resign .
executive director of ubs освальду грюбелю the banker , known not only in switzerland , - had to leave .
executive director of ubs to грюбелю - банкиру , known not only in switzerland , had to leave .
chief executive at ubs освальду грюбелю - banker , known not only in switzerland , was forced to resign .
bank he was responsible for strategy , which once again proved that long ago earned the title of " the biggest banking scandal in europe . "
he suddenly responsible for the bank 's strategy , which has proven once again that long ago earned the title " europe 's biggest banking scandal . "
he was responsible for strategy , which has proven once again , that long ago earned the title of " the major banking scandal in europe . "
he was suddenly responsible for the bank 's strategy , which has proved again that long ago earned the title " major banking scandal in europe . "
he suddenly was responsible for the bank 's strategy , which has proven once again , that long earned the title of " major banking scandal in europe . "
he suddenly responsible for the bank 's strategy , which has proven once again , that has earned the title of " biggest banking scandal in europe " .
as a result of the ubs by 1.6 billion in 2007 , with more money , thus , the managing wealthy clients than any other bank in the world ,
as a result , running 1.6 billion in 2007 , ubs , and thus have , in more money than any other wealthy clients , the bank in the world ,
as a result , in a 2007 1.6 billion , with ubs , thus , the management of the more money than any other wealthy clients , the bank in the world ,
as a result , in 2007 , ubs , running 1.6 billion , thus , in the management of the more money than any other wealthy clients , the bank in the world
as a result , in 2007 , ubs was 1.6 billion , and thus have , in the management of more affluent customers , than any other bank in the world ,
as a result , in 2007 , ubs was 1.6 billion , with more money , thus , the managing wealthy clients , than any other bank , in the world
" knowing that we now know , you might ask , as i could thus make mistakes , "
" knowing that we know now , you may ask , how i could so be wrong "
" knowing that , that we now know , you can ask how i could so wrong "
" knowing that we know now , you might ask as i could so be wrong "
" knowing that we now know , you may ask , how i could so be wrong "
" knowing what we know now , you can ask as i could because mistakes "
only in 2007 , it is clear that , in ubs something is wrong .
only in 2007 , it has become clear that ubs in something is not the case .
only in 2007 , it was clear that , ubs that something is n't so .
only in 2007 , it became clear the ubs something is n't .
only in 2007 , it is clear , that ubs something is not .
only in 2007 , it has become clear that in ubs that something not so .
believe it or not , but ubs reported the increase in the capital for $ 13 billion swiss francs to fight the crisis .
believe it or not , but ubs reported an increase in the capital on 13 billion swiss francs , to crisis .
believe it or not , but , ubs reported an increase in the capital the 13 billion swiss francs , in order to withstand the crisis .
believe it or not , but ubs reported a capital increase of 13 billion swiss francs , in order to confront the crisis .
believe it or not , but ubs reported increase in capital on the 13 billion swiss francs , in order to withstand the crisis .
believe it or not , but ubs reported an increase in the capital to 13 billion francs to withstand the crisis .
the bank had to announce new losses , and chairman of the board of directors of marseille оспель billions is the second level of wages , chairman of the board of directors in switzerland - resigned in 2006 .
bank to announce new billions had losses , and chairman of the board of directors of marseille оспель - the second level of salary , chairman of the board of directors in switzerland in 2006 he resigned .
the bank had to announce new billions losses , and the chairman of the board of directors of marcel оспель is the second level of wages , chairman of the board of directors in switzerland in 2006 , had resigned .
bank was forced to announce new losses , and chairman of the board of directors of marcel оспель billions is the second - level salaries , chairman of the board of directors in switzerland in 2006 - had resigned .
the bank had to announce the new billions of losses , and the chairman of the board of directors of marseilles оспель is the second - level wages , chairman of the board of directors in switzerland - had resigned in 2006 .
the bank had to announce the new billions of losses , and chairman of the board of directors of marcel оспель - the second level of salaries of the chairman of the board of directors in switzerland in the 2006 - resigned .
the national bank bought from ubs toxic securities неназванное number billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs in конвертируемую bond with the obligatory конвертацией , to become a co - owner of the bank .
the national bank bought from ubs toxic securities неназванное of billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for the конвертируемую bond with the obligatory конвертацией to become co - owner of the bank .
the national bank bought from ubs toxic securities on неназванное amount billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for конвертируемую bond with mandatory конвертацией , to become the owner of the bank .
the national bank bought ubs toxic securities неназванное quantity billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for конвертируемую bond with compulsory конвертацией to become a co - owner of the bank .
the national bank bought ubs toxic securities on неназванное of billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for конвертируемую bond with mandatory конвертацией to become a co - owner of the bank .
the national bank bought from ubs toxic securities неназванное number billion , and the swiss confederation paid six billion swiss francs for конвертируемую bond with the obligatory конвертацией to become a co - owner of bank .
after all , the final balance , ubs in 2007 , was five times more than all the production of the switzerland ( see chart ) .
at the end of the day , the balance of ubs in 2007 was five times , than all the production of switzerland ( see chart ) .
after all , the final balance of ubs in 2007 was five times more than all production swiss ( see chart ) .
after all , the resulting balance of ubs , in 2007 was five times more than switzerland all production ( see chart ) .
in the end , the balance ubs in 2007 was five times more than all the production of swiss ( see chart ) .
after all , the final balance of ubs in 2007 was in a five times higher , than all the production of switzerland ( see chart ) .
ubs also agreed to pay $ 780 million consisting of the undue revenues business plus fines .
ubs also agreed to pay $ 780 million , consisting of recovery , unjustified revenue from businesses , plus fines .
ubs also agreed to pay $ 780 million , consisting of unjustified revenues of the business recovery plus penalties .
ubs also agreed to pay 780 million dollars , consisting of recovery unjustified proceeds from business plus fines .
ubs also agreed to pay $ 780 million , of recovery unjustified revenues from business plus fines .
ubs also agreed to pay $ 780 million , consisting of recovery unjustified incomes from business , plus the penalties .
at the same time , ubs has lost what was always to his advantage in the struggle to rich clients - veil of secrecy .
in the same time , ubs lost what has always been his advantage in the struggle for the wealthy clients , " veil of secrecy .
at the same time ubs has lost what has always been his advantage in fight for rich clients , " the veil of secrecy .
at the same time ubs has lost something that has always been his advantage in the fight for wealthy clients , a veil of secrecy .
at the same time , ubs lost what always was his advantage in the fight for rich clients - veil of secrecy .
at the same time , ubs has lost that was always his advantage in the struggle for wealthy clients , " the veil of secrecy .
executive director and chairman of board of directors of in after the resigned and the
ceo and chairman of the directors after the resignation and a
ceo and chairman of the board after the resigned , and
ceo and chairman board of directors in after that , resigned and
executive director and board chairman after the resignation ,
executive director , and the president of the board of directors after moved to resign , and
a few months the bank has lost the trust on both main areas of its activities in the investment because of the failed speculation and asset management as a result of help and encourage tax evasion .
a few months the bank has lost trust on both the main directions of its activities in the investment because of the unsuccessful speculation and in asset management as a result of the help and encourage tax evasion .
a few months the bank has lost trust on both the main directions of its activities in the investment because of the unsuccessful speculation and in asset management as a result of the help and encourage tax evasion .
a few months the bank has lost the trust on both main areas of its activities in the investing because of the unsuccessful speculation and asset management as a result of the help and encourage tax evasion .
a few months the bank has lost the trust on both the main directions of its activities in the investment of unsuccessful speculation and in the asset management as a result of the help and encourage tax evasion .
a few months the bank has lost the trust on both the main directions of its activities in the investment because of the unsuccessful speculation and asset management as a result of the aid and encourage tax evasion .
one thing is clear - management risks in the department investments until the works .
one thing is clear is risk management in the investments until the does n't work .
one thing is clear - investment risk management at until works .
one thing is clear - risk management in section of the investments until it does n't work .
one thing is clear risk - management in the investment until working .
one thing is certain - risk management section in the investment still do not work .
chief financial officer of one of the largest german banks also no doubts : " the problem of ubs that he has no instrument for control risks . "
cfo of one of the largest german banks do n't doubt : " the problem of ubs that he has no tool to control risks . "
chief financial officer of one of the largest german banks , too , is in no doubt : " the problem ubs , that he had no tool to control risks . "
chief financial officer of one of the largest german banks also no doubts : " the problem of ubs that he has no instrument for control risks . "
chief financial officer at one of the largest german banks do n't doubt : " the problem of ubs that he had no instrument to control risk . "
chief financial officer at one of the largest german banks is no doubt : " the problem ubs that he has no instrument for control risks . "
and swiss banks have become a symbol of unchanged reliability , like lindt & sprüngli , symbolize a refined taste in chocolate .
and swiss banks became the symbol of незыблемой reliability , as the lindt & sprüngli symbolize subtle taste in chocolate .
lockers swiss banks became the symbol of secure reliable , like lindt & sprüngli symbolize sophisticated taste in chocolate .
lockers swiss banks became the symbol of unchanged reliability , as the lindt & sprüngli symbolize a refined taste in chocolate .
and swiss banks became a symbol of unchanged reliability , as a lindt & sprüngli symbolize the taste in chocolate .
lockers swiss banks have become a symbol of secure reliability , as lindt & sprüngli symbolize subtle taste in chocolate .
buildings are luxurious , while rental rates for stores one of the highest in europe .
building here is luxurious , but rent for stores , some of the highest in europe .
building here is luxurious , and the rent for stores are among the highest in europe .
building here , luxurious , and to rent stores one of the the highest in europe .
building here luxurious , rental rates for stores some of the highest in europe .
buildings here luxurious , and the rental rates for shopping some of the highest in europe .
swiss banks were stationed here for hundreds of years - from the national bank up to the palace of креди сюисс and elite private banks , such as julius baer .
swiss banks were here for hundreds of years - from the national bank up palace helped сюисс and the elite private banks , such as julius baer .
swiss banks were here hundreds of years - from national bank to the palace helped сюисс and elite private banks , such as julius baer .
swiss banks were the hundreds of years - from the national bank to the palace helped сюисс and elite private banks , like julius baer .
swiss banks were here hundreds of years - from the national bank before the palace helped сюисс and the private banks , such as julius baer .
swiss banks were here for hundreds of years - from national bank to the palace креди сюисс and the elite private banks , such as julius baer .
along the marble walls are covered by big leather sofas . beside emblem of the bank 's index of " safety " .
along the marble walls are covered by the big leather sofas . beside emblem of the bank 's index of " safety " .
along the marble walls are covered by large leather sofas . near the emblem of the bank 's great pointer " safe " .
along covered marble walls are big leather sofas . near the emblem of the great pointer " bank safety deposit box . "
along the marble walls are covered by large leather sofas . alongside emblem bank a big pointer " safe " .
along the marble walls are covered by the big leather sofas . next to the emblem of the bank 's big the " safe " .
but two of the largest swiss bank , ubs and credit suisse , at some point in abandoned swiss ideas about banking - or , as head of one of the small swiss banks , betrayed them .
but both the largest swiss bank ubs and credit suisse , at some point abandoned swiss concepts about banking - or , as head of one of the smaller swiss banks , betrayed them .
but both of the largest swiss bank ubs and credit suisse , at some point the abandoned swiss ideas about banking - or , as head of one of the small swiss banks , believes betrayed them .
but both of the largest swiss bank , ubs and credit suisse , at some point renounced swiss ideas about banking -- or , as the head of one of the small swiss banks , betrayed them .
but both of the largest swiss bank , ubs and credit suisse , at some point , have abandoned swiss ideas about banking - or , as the head of one of the smaller swiss banks , believes betrayed them .
but both of the largest swiss bank ubs and credit suisse , at some point the abandoned swiss notion of banking - or , as the head of one of the small swiss banks , betrayed them .
he believes that ubs was too big - in particular , the investment banking , where the very active saxons .
he suggests that ubs became too great - in particular , the investment banking , where very active saxons .
he suggests , that ubs was too big - in particular , investment banking , where a very active saxons .
he believes that ubs was too big - in particular , in investment banking , where very active saxons .
he believes that ubs has become too big , particularly in the investment banking , where it is still very active saxons .
it believes that ubs became too great " in particular , the investment banking , where the very active saxons .
" and if there is that , then they have long adapted to anglo - saxon traditions . "
" if there is that , they have to adapt to saxon custom . "
" and if that means that they have long to adapt to saxon traditions . "
" and if you have that , then they have long adapted to saxon doings . "
" and if there are , then they had adapted to saxon practices . "
" if you have that means that they have adapted to saxon custom . "
politicians endorsed 68 billion swiss francs ( about 45 billion euro ) , to save the bank from bankruptcy .
policies approved of the allocation of 68 billion swiss francs ( about 45 billion ) , to save the bank from bankruptcy .
policies approved the allocation of the 68 billion swiss francs ( around 45 billion euros ) , to save bank from going bankrupt .
policy approved of 68 billion swiss francs ( about 45 billion ) in order to save bank from bankruptcy .
politicians have approved of 68 billion swiss francs ( about 45 billion euro ) , to save the bank from bankruptcy .
policy approved of the 68 billion swiss francs ( about 45 billion euros ) to save bank from insolvency .
if you ask a swiss banks , they say the problem mostly in $ ubs .
if you ask a swiss banks , and they say that the problem is mostly in amounting to ubs .
if you ask swiss banks , they will say , that problem primarily in the amount of ubs .
if you ask a swiss banks , they say that problem , mainly in the at ubs .
asked if swiss banks , they say the problem mostly in the $ ubs .
when asked swiss banks , they will say that problem is mainly in the amount of ubs .
was the bank , which has already at the time of the merger was too great for a small , switzerland - and the bank , which continued to grow .
bank , which was formed at the time of the merger was already too great for a small - and the bank , switzerland , which continued to grow .
was the bank , which is already at the time of merger was too big for a switzerland - and the bank , which continued to grow .
was the bank , which is already at the moment merger was too big for a small - and the bank , switzerland , who continued to grow .
bank , which was already at the time the merger was too big for a small , switzerland - and bank , which continued to grow .
was the bank , which is already at the moment of the merger was too great for a small , switzerland , and the bank , who continued to rise .
internationalized investment bankers suddenly gained access to a large amount of money which they could use to run omnipotent the wheel .
internationalized investment bankers suddenly get access to a large amount of money that they could use , to dial omnipotent the wheel .
internationalized investment bankers suddenly got access to a large amount of money that they could use , to run omnipotent the wheel .
интернационализированные investment bankers suddenly gained access to a large amount of money , money which they could use to dial omnipotent wheel .
интернационализированные investment bankers suddenly got access to a large amount of money , that they might use to dial omnipotent the wheel .
internationalized investment bankers suddenly have access to a large amount of money that they can use to spinning wheel , omnipotent .
" i have always believed that вулффли , and оспель is a dream team " , banking analyst hans geiger says .
i have always believed that " вулффли and оспель is a dream team , " says banking analyst hans geiger .
" and i always believed that вулффли оспель - this dream team , " says a banking analyst hans geiger .
" i have always believed that вулффли and оспель - this dream team , " says banking analyst hans geiger .
" i 've always believed , that вулффли and оспель is the dream team " , " said banking analyst hans geiger .
" i always thought , that вулффли and оспель is a dream team " , " said a banking analyst hans geiger .
an american bank , has been most powerful investment bank anywhere in the world .
us bank has been most powerful investment bank in the world .
north american bank was the strongest investment bank in the real world .
american the bank has been most powerful investment bank the world .
the bank was a most powerful investment bank 's in the midst of the world .
american the bank has been most powerful investment bank the world .
ubs was the largest player in the trade in currency and government securities .
ubs was the biggest player in trade currency and the state - securities .
ubs was 's biggest player in trade and currency and state securities .
ubs was the greatest player in trade currency , and public securities .
ubs was major player in the trading currency and the government securities .
ubs was the world 's largest player in the trade currency and a state securities .
seeking to rise , the bank itself and based their hedge - fund investing in american sub - prime securities .
to increase , the bank itself and established their hedge - fund invested in the us sub - prime securities .
striving to growth , the bank itself and based them hedge - fund investing in american sub - prime securities .
desiring to growth , the bank itself , and based on their hedge - fund invested in the us sub - prime securities .
desiring to rise , the bank itself and founded the hedge - fund investing in american sub - prime securities .
seeking to the growth , the bank itself and established their hedge - fund invested in american sub - prime securities .
even when other banks have long searched for way out of this process , ubs did not stopping .
even when other banks have long sought a way to go out from the process , ubs not stay .
even when other banks have long been looking for way to come out of this process , ubs is not .
even when other banks have long sought way to get out of this process , ubs did not stayed .
even when other banks already were looking for way out of the process , ubs does not stop .
even as other banks has long been sought a way out of this process , ubs not stopped .
positions in ubs into children 's game with chairs and up to this day remain unreliable .
positions in the ubs into children 's game with the chairs and up to the current day remain unreliable .
positions in ubs into children 's game with chairs and until this day remain very unreliable .
posts in the ubs into children 's game with chairs and until this day remain precarious .
jobs in ubs into children 's game with lounge chairs and to this day remain unreliable .
ubs posts turned into the children 's game with the chairs and until this day remains unreliable .
he should find a strategy to the bank , that turned his back on all existing business models .
he should find strategy for bank , which has turned his back on all the existing business models .
he must find a strategy for bank , which turned their backs all the current business models .
he must find a strategy to bank , who then turned back to all the existing business models .
he must find the strategy for bank , which turned back all existing business models .
he should find a strategy for the bank , that turned his back on all existing business models .
bank , ( still ) does n't willing to go so far .
bank , but , ( still ) not willing to go that far .
bank , however , ( still ) is not prepared to go this far .
the bank , however , still ) is not ready to go as far .
bank ; however , do not ( yet ) is ready to go to so far away .
bank , , however , ( also ) is not ready to go so far .
sergio ermotti the new head of the bank expects to unveil its future strategy on tuesday .
a new head of the bank of sergio ermotti plans to submit their future strategy on tuesday .
new head of the bank tuesday sergio ermotti is planning to imagine its future strategy .
sergio ermotti , a new head of the bank is planning to present their future strategy tuesday .
new bank 's head sergio ermotti is planning to their future strategy on tuesday .
new head of the the bank of sergio ermotti intends to introduce its future strategy on tuesday .
for the last time he has managed to show character and now , the zurich bank said on tuesday , led by ubs on a continuous basis .
for the last time he was able to show character and now , " said zurich bank on tuesday , led by ubs , on an ongoing basis .
the last time he was able to show character and now , " said zurich bank on tuesday , head of ubs , on an ongoing basis .
in the last time , he managed to show character , and now , " said zurich bank on tuesday , is led by ubs on a permanent basis .
in the last time , he managed to show character and now , as zurich bank on tuesday , is headed by ubs on a regular basis .
in the last time he managed to show character , and now , the zurich bank said tuesday , is headed by ubs on a permanent basis .
publicly said he still only , that they are with his wife , looking for an apartment in zurich .
publicly he was still said only that they are with his wife searching for an apartment in zurich .
publicly he still " said only that they are with his wife looking for apartment in zurich .
publicly only that they said he still with his wife are looking for an apartment in the zurich .
so far , he has said publicly only that they are with his wife are looking for an apartment in the zurich .
only said publicly he is still that they are with his wife , searching for an apartment in zurich .
recession fears in europe drag down the u.s. stock the stock market
fears of recession in europe , drag down the american stock exchange
fears a recession in europe the drag down u.s. stock market
recession fears in europe drag down american the stock market
fears recession in europe pulled down the american stock stock exchange
fear of a recession in europe , drag down american stock exchange
change governments in athens and rome has not been a large effects .
a change in government in athens and rome not had a big effect .
governments in athens , rome has not been a large effect change .
changes of governments in the athens and rome , was not large effect .
change of the government in athens and rome , had not been large effect .
the governments in in athens , and rome had not been little effect .
general relief , following the changes governments in rome and athens , has not reinforcements .
general relief that the changes governments in the rome and athens , has not received reinforcements .
general relief that the changes government in rome and athens , received little support .
governments general relief , following changes in rome and athens , has not been support .
general relief , following the changes of governments ' in rome and athens , has not received support .
general relief , followed the changes , governments in rome and athens has not received support .
last week , italian and greek glasses as half full , not yet half - empty but now problems once again go to the fore , said mark лускини from janney mongomery scott .
last week italian and greek glasses as half full , not half empty , but now the problem again , go to the fore , said mark лускини from janney mongomery scott .
last week , italian and greek glasses were even half full , not half empty " but now the problem again go to the fore , said mark лускини from janney mongomery scott .
last week , italian and greek glasses as half full , not yet half - empty but now the problems again go to the fore , " said marc лускини from janney mongomery scott .
last week , italian and greek glasses still regarded as half full , not half empty -- but now , problems again come to the fore , said mark лускини from janney mongomery scott .
last week , italian and greek glasses were still half full , not half empty , but now the problems once again go to the fore , said mark лускини from janney mongomery scott .
industrial dow jones closed at 12,078 with a drop of 0.6 percent .
dow jones industrial closed at level 12,078 with the fall of 0.6 % percent .
dow jones industrial index closed at a level 12,078 with slump in 0.6 percent .
industrial dow jones closed at a level 12,078 with the decline of 0.6 per cent .
dow jones industrial closed at level 12,078 with the fall of 0.6 per cent .
industrial dow jones closed on the level of 12,078 with slump in the 0.6 percent .
broader s&p 500 closed at at 1251 checkpoint , down on the one percent .
broader s&p 500 closed on the level 1251 paragraph falling one percent .
broader s&p 500 closed on the level 1251 point down to one percent .
broader s&p 500 index closed on 1251 paragraph , falling to one percentage point .
broader s&p 500 closed the level 1251 clause , falling one per cent .
broader s&p 500 closed at the 1251 item level , falling to one percent .
statistical office eurostat reported that the two per cent in september companies have made less than in the previous month .
statistical office eurostat reported that two per cent in september the company made less than than in the previous month .
the statistical office eurostat reported that the two per cent in september the companies have made less than the previous month .
statistical office eurostat reported that in september , the company made the two percent less than the previous month .
statistical office eurostat reported that two per cent in september the company made less than than in the previous month .
statistical office eurostat reported that in september , companies have made to two percent less than in previous month .
he also said that europe is hardly quickly стряхнет global recession and that the banks of the show further signs of weakness .
he also said that europe is unlikely fast стряхнет recession that banks are showing further signs of weakness .
he also said that europe is unlikely to be quickly стряхнет recessions and that banks are showing further signs of weakness .
he also said that europe is unlikely to quickly стряхнет recession and banks are showing further signs of weakness .
he also said that europe is unlikely to quickly and стряхнет recession that banks are showing further signs of weakness .
he also said that europe is unlikely to quickly стряхнет recession , that the banks are showing further signs of weakness .
therefore , his opinion , is too early to invest in european government bonds or into banks .
so , according to him , too early to invest in european government bonds or to go to banks .
why , in his view , it is too early to invest in the european government bonds , or in the banks .
and that 's why , in his view , too early to invest in european government bonds or banks .
why in his opinion , much too early to invest in european government bonds or in banks .
why , in his opinion , it is too early to invest in a european government bonds or into banks .
his investments in ibm worth more than 10 billion dollars raised in the course of the bidding price for this oldest of the company at almost one percent against the trend .
his investments in ibm worth more than 10 billion dollars raised during the auction price for this oldest company at almost one percent against the trend .
its investment in ibm worth more than $ 10 billion raised in the course of the trading price for this oldest companies almost one per cent against the trend .
his investments in ibm worth more than $ 10 billion raised in the trading this oldest of the company 's share price almost one percent against the trend .
his investment in ibm worth more than $ 10 billion dollars raised during the auction share price this oldest of the company at almost one percent against the trend .
his investments in ibm worth more than $ 10 billion dollars raised in the bidding price for this oldest companies by almost one percent against the trend .
buffett said that he paid on average $ 170 per share and now owns a stake in 5.5 percent .
buffett said , that has paid an average of $ 170 per share and now has a stake in the 5.5 percent .
buffett said that he paid on average $ 170 per share and now owns a stake in 5.5 percent .
warren buffett said that he paid an average $ 170 per share and now has a stake in 5.5 per cent .
warren buffett said that the paid an average $ 170 per share and now has a stake in the 5.5 per cent .
buffett said that he paid an average of $ 170 per share and now has the share of the 5.5 percent .
shares of the bank of america fell by 2.6 per cent , is far stronger than the the market .
shares in the deutsche bank of america fell by 2.6 percent , far greater than the market .
shares of the bank of america fell by 2.6 per cent , far stronger , than the market .
shares of the bank of america , fell 2.6 per cent , far stronger than market .
bank of america shares fell 2.6 per cent , a much stronger than the market .
shares of bank of america dropped by 2.6 percent , far stronger , than the market .
capital bank essentially plans to boost their quota net profit from sales to meet tougher standards .
bank mostly plans to bolster their quota net profit from sale , to meet tougher capital standards .
bank capital primarily plans to support their quota net profit from the sale , to meet tougher standards .
capital bank mostly plans to maintain its quota net profit from the sale , in order to comply with tougher standards .
capital bank essentially plans to maintain its quota net profit from sales , to meet tougher standards .
bank essentially plans to support its quota capital , net profit from selling to meet the tougher standards .
stocks rose to 1.5 percent , after the corporation received the largest order in its history .
stock price rose 1.5 percent after corporation had the biggest order in its history .
price of the shares up 1.5 percent , after the corporation was the biggest order in his history .
stock price up 1.5 percent after the corporation received the biggest order in history .
stock price jumped by 1.5 per cent after the company received the largest order in their history .
share price up 1.5 percent , after corporation received the largest order in its history .
