the military turkey has no interest in take the risks implied participation in the fighting sectarian in iraq .
erdogan has no intention of left drawn up to this trap .
the small cost imposed on to non vote makes prove to be rational for everyone vote and simultaneously provides a standard social voting .
those on australian wish to be forced to vote .
moreover , an environment entrepreneurial inflexible and light for the family already is not the only option for women who work .
over the last year and a half , came at the 1.8 trillion dollars , with much the highest in the world .
but the paradox is that reserves of today are not riches real that can be used to stimulate the local economy .
will most likely us experience a much of downturn , as occurred in the recession light of the past two years .
but not see it to embrace taxes carbon .
what do we know it is that chinese authorities ever faced a challenge of this magnitude with a potential such for to gain or lose prestige .
all of this raises the question of whether china will by to replace the us as power hegemonic world that defines and applied rules of the global economy .
this is unsustainable , and eventually precipitate confrontation of proportions with america ( and europe ) .
the more centralized is political power , more could hinder the central development of markets .
instead , political integration could have an impact opposed the development of markets .
but now seems that america has into trouble again and also wants to weaken the pact .
and china , for their part , will continue to develop their financial markets and its capacity generate financial assets high - quality internally .
clearly , it is preferable the second option .
the financial crisis asian and devaluation brazilian in early 1999 did the weight argentine would be decidedly overvalued .
there was built up a deficit - account and a burden - debt that were literally of proportions greek .
all this has been possible because it has been seen as , viewed rings parameters historical , as a period exceptional of political stability .
so far , or in cameroon or in chad , governments have been willing to publish no track of revenue relative at the project 's pipeline .
for starters , now america possesses a true friend and ally in the élysée palace .
this period of time would both to turkey as the union an opportunity to reconciled .
what gives rise to emotions stronger is the population muslim turkey 's .
will also fears that a day islamists turn to turkey in a state fundamentalist .
the european central bank , established in 1998 , has the mandate of managing the new currency to maintain the price stability .
between 2000 and 2005 , the dollar has lost more 25 % of its value to the euro .
to a serious downturn , a country can want to engage keynesian political traditional through fiscal stimulus scale and financed through deficit .
moreover , the current economic crisis made it becomes to speak of the need for the european union will competition in tax .
countries with large revenue could make it as a reason to want out .
has never been easy to reach agreements economic international .
for citizens young , islamists in particular , outlets normal for political involvement have closed .
first , how much capacity conventional for war ought to conserve the us ?
this strategy has endured on a foundation bipartisan in america , and opinion polls show that still possesses a wide acceptance in japan .
nevertheless , the alliance faces three serious challenges in a new context externally .
what can prevent the situation deteriorates more and will probably in a systemic crisis ?
but in how , exactly , is the core of the new economy ?
is not of surprising that more than half of firms more respected are americans .
why is there was meant to the second world war trust some in the future ?
they might have to eliminate subsidies that point in the late mistaken for release funds for programs more specific and effective of fighting poverty and job creation .
according to the world food , the 70 % of the population lack of food security .
in theory , in these areas could be to scrap half , roughly of the gap educational building schools for girls .
it is estimated that the benefits are being six times larger than the costs .
indeed , many observers believe that women will determine the outcome electoral .
women who competing in the labor market usually support efforts to challenge the double moral sexual and doom strongly the harassment sex .
after all , some women have long time force and willingness to come to the top .
as wants that is , unions are a key factor for the evolution of our economic system in 2008 , and in the coming years .
no doubt that the world has seen advances in several fronts in the last decade .
but , overall the gaps of inequality are large and in many cases are rising further .
unfortunately , will most likely the summit is a chance lost .
the in global warming is far our main environmental threat .
and economic models show that france has lost so many or more jobs from the costs additional of subsidies .
this has lasted for two decades .
so , uribe failed to defend the new deal military .
the way in which has conducted the electoral process in zimbabwe from march has been a continuation not constitutional of a government .
